[00:00] Hey guys, September 21st, 2026 here with your nightly watch list video. Pretty epic session. Um, today the mags broke out and I was talking about this one in the watch list yesterday. This one picked up on massive volume. FNGU was a really good way to play that. We also were talking about the socks ETF getting back through the 50. That one obviously with the gap up um followed through very nicely of course on the back of AMD
[00:31] and also on the back of Intel was not the only one. Alab, um TSM, I mean just go down your list of semiconductors. Really, really nice action. So these are going to be names that I have an eye on going forward, but of course I don't see a spot for tomorrow on TSM or Intel or AMD. Um although I own AMD and I'd love to add to the position, I just don't see a way that I can safely add to this name uh going into tomorrow, but the market
[01:02] is being led up by your hyperscalers. Apple looks really great. Microsoft looks really good. Google and Amazon um look really good. I've got some of those on my radar potentially for as soon as tomorrow. Let's start to make our way through some of this list. Amazon love what it was doing today. got back up above all key moving averages and the 50 simple moving average if you got involved today taking out a prior day high and the 50-day. I I I think that that was the best thing that you could have done. Um by chance tomorrow if we
[01:33] can get a little bit of profit taking first thing in the morning into that 50 simple moving average establish a low reclaim VWAP. I would be looking potentially for a spot to try and get involved right there. Google another one. You know, I I thought getting through uh Thursday's high was pretty important. The problem was on Friday, you gap through that level. And one of the things that I've been talking about is do not chase your gap ups. It was the same thing with the semiconductors today. Do not chase them as gap ups.
[02:04] What did they do? They just sold off. And then you can let them establish their low. Let them give you a 620 setup. Let them reclaim their VWAP. um after they've established a low then you have a low to work with so you can anchor your risk to that is very very important. Same thing with Google. You didn't really want to get involved on the gap up. It just sold off all day. But I still came into today thinking and I talked about this last night. We could still be potentially watching it against that Thursday's high a 349. I don't know
[02:35] if anybody got involved there. I will still be paying attention to Google. I don't really have the best spot to get involved in this thing. I'm not really looking at this name as an inside day taking out 35760. I will of course leave it on the radar and see if I can find a spot over the next couple of sessions to try to get involved in that name. HPE again, similar story. This one's just going to have to break this little flat top. Um, pretty straightforward. The longer this digest under that level, I think the better. But if it can work its way right
[03:05] through today's highs, 6390, um, you know, perfectly fine. But what are you going to want to see? Dell acting well. Um, that rhymes a little. Uh, Dell acting great u in order for HPE to be working uh through that level. We'll see what it ends up doing uh tomorrow. But really, if we can just get another small down day tomorrow into that rising 10, then I would look to play it as a potential higher low on
[03:35] Wednesday. That would really, really be an ideal situation. IGV Software, I mean, Palunteer looks pretty good. Service Now looks pretty good. Twilio looked really good. Microsoft was turning back up. The cyber security stocks had a phenomenal day today. You can't really hate what this IGV looks like. really nice job continuing to build higher lows, tightening up here on the right hand side. It's exactly what you want to see. Maybe, just maybe, um you could potentially get long the IGV
[04:06] 107 uh 15 plus. We'll see. Um it's not extended. You know, I I I do think that ultimately these software names can work their way higher. Um I I think that that potential exists. I don't know if I buy this or if I just sit around and wait for um you know, Service Now and Palunteer and Microsoft and and play software that way versus going with the ETF. Um sometimes I look at this and and I leave myself a little bit frustrated u
[04:37] because I did have this on April the 13th, so as a as a clean undercut and rally. So sometimes I'm looking at this and I'm like, uh, I'm I'm buying this ETF way up here, you know, when I had it for the it's a little mental block I obviously got to get over, but not a big deal. Always manage your risk, even if you happen to buy something higher. That's just the reality of trading. Um, but again, I don't know if I'm going to play something like Microsoft leveraged or maybe Palunteer or Service Now or Snowflake. Um but but we'll see what
[05:10] ends up happening going into tomorrow's session. Microsoft don't mind what this thing is doing either. Again, really nice move up a high tight pennant. It might just be as simple as taking out 50150. Um and if you do play Microsoft and you're looking at it through that level, MSFU um would be the way to play this with a little bit of um zest, right? And Microsoft is such a frigin turtle. um where MSFT, you know, you could think, yeah, this this could probably get back
[05:40] to an all-time high, less than 12% away. Well, if it's going to go there, I would want to be playing the leveraged ETF just in case. Micron 1040 still continues to be a pretty important spot. We'll see what this one does. And then SanDisk, 1800, obviously also a pretty important spot. I bought it today at 1055, but it just didn't close well enough for me to want to keep uh 1058 exit. Um, and in the after hours session 1084. So, you know, it's up about 30 bucks from where I initially bought it.
[06:10] It is what it is. Um, I can always try to get back long through this name uh through 1,800 bucks. We'll see what it does over the coming days, but again, it's it's SanDisk. It's it's um one of those that continues to act well just like Micron. So, I want to make sure that I'm paying attention to it. Service Now, I held my small position 3% um into the overnight session. The only way I'd add more is take out today's high 1416 and this would effectively be as a higher low setup. So that's kind of how
[06:41] I'll be um paying attention to this one going forward. And tap again similar story with HPE. I'd love to see this thing go but ultimately over you know at this point over 200 good below 200 you know just kind of leave it alone but you are not too far off from a 52- week high. So want to make sure I'm paying attention to it. Octa, I already own again. Love the consolidation. One more inside day. I know I'd be asking for a lot, but um just for the simple fact that you're still greater than 4x ATR
[07:12] above the 50-day, so I want to kind of pay attention to this name. Give me an inside day. I already own it. Um but I'd love to add some more and I'd be comfortable doing so if we can tighten up just a little bit more. I know five sessions basically going sideways, but you know, I got to ask for a little bit more sideways before I can um comfortably add more. Palanteer, really nice day today. Getting back through that nice and tight session from Friday. Nice push today. Nice close and
[07:42] everything. Um but I don't know that I add to this just yet. I just can't take it off my radar. does feel like ultimately this Palunteer also ends up in an all-time high only 13% away. Snowflake tightening up here beautifully. Um, yes, I know you gapped up on earnings and kind of faded off, but you did not go anywhere. Take out 34030. Um, and then this one could hopefully be off to the races. And then TGTX, this one did trigger an alert for me taking out a prior day high, but ultimately squatted.
[08:13] Um, I still think that this thing looks pretty dang constructive. Um, you know, do we kind of think about the breakout level being a little bit higher? Yeah, probably over 59 bucks good below 59 just kind of leaving it alone. I know you're still building out here on the right hand side, but you are not extended. Um, would be nice to see some of these therapeutic stocks turn up and go. And there are a few other names that really really have my attention. Um, Tesla being one of those. I know we're just continuing to build just underneath
[08:44] the 200 day. But I got to say um I I think that this thing is building out well and at some point the market starts to transition itself in my opinion um to a robotic steam at some point. I don't know when that point's going to be, but I I am kind of with the belief that um the bull market's gonna if it stays alive, eventually the market starts to price in the future of humanoid robots
[09:14] led by Tesla. That's just my thinking. Um again, price action has been a hell of a lot better lately. We've just been consolidating and chopping around. Price action will hopefully get a lot better when you do get above the 200 day. Um, but I I like the price action on this thing. I know it's below the 200 day. I complain about all the stocks below the 200 day. I try my very best to never touch them if they are below the 200, but a whole hell of a lot better. And then I also have on my radar some of those Neoclouds. Nebus hard to ignore.
[09:47] Um, you know, just building out here very, very nicely. I mean, even starting to look a heck of a lot better. Riot start to looking uh looking a heck of a lot better. Um I mean even Mara starting to look a heck of a lot better. So that'll kind of tell you what's really going on within the crypto space. You have to at least keep these names on your radar. Do we have to buy them tomorrow? No. There is really no setup in my playbook uh for any of these names at the moment. But I do have them, you know, back of mind and we'll see what the market wants to do with them going
[10:17] forward. But if we're going to be led up by the hyperscalers and mags and the XLK um and the QQQ, that is a really awesome environment that I love to be part of. And in an ideal world, we can get ourselves in a handful of more names um over the next two weeks. That would be my thinking. And then after that, once you get yourself positioned, you're just uh letting your best names work. There's I got myself into AMD last Monday. Today, it was absolutely flying. There is nothing left to do with that name but potentially wait for a follow-up setup
[10:49] which we just do not have at the moment. So patience for me. Anyway, I will see you guys bright and early tomorrow morning. Cheers.
