Academics have shown that support and resistance do not work, and you might be struggling to make support and resistance work for you, too. In both cases, it's often because support and resistance 
are being used without incorporating these five key criteria. After making over $100 million during my trading career on Wall Street, I'm done trading my health for wealth. So, now I'm here to pass 
on what I've learned and help you understand how professional traders actually use these concepts. I think we all know you can't just buy every break of highs or short every break of lows. The 
mistake many traders make is assuming that every one of those levels is equally meaningful. Especially when most levels are total noise and randomness. That's why whenever I'm trading a break of 
support or resistance, the first criteria I apply is I only trade inplay stocks or products. An inplay stock is one experiencing unusual volume, volatility, a major catalyst, or an exceptional 
technical setup that has attracted significant attention from traders. This concept does not just apply to stocks. By the way, if you asked me what else has been in play during 2026, I'd include the 
metals, particularly silver and gold at the start of the year, oil during the Iran war, and even crypto during the range breakout they experienced in August. I'm looking for products that are 
undergoing huge amounts of price discovery, emotions, and order flow from a range of participants. Think of SpaceX following its IPO. What's the right price for the stock? Hell if I know, but as a 
trader, I want to be involved in markets like that. Why does inplay matter so much? Because markets are highly efficient. Most levels are noise. You are better off flipping a coin. But when a stock 
has increased tension, emotion, volume, and volatility, you have the conditions where these technical levels become useful. The second characteristic I want is a clean level. As I would tell my 
trainees, I do not want to need to squint to understand what you're looking at. The best levels tend to be obvious enough that any other competent trader could pull up the same chart and identify the 
same level without me standing next to them explaining it. You want all the traders across all the time frames in agreement. If this stock breaks that level, you want everyone swarming to be on the 
same side of the market. Think about the break of 245 support in circle last year after its capitulatory move to $300. Clean levels matter partly because other traders are all positioning around 
them. If a level is going above and below, above and below, it is not precise and you're not going to get the strong clean reaction you need to capture the move. I want levels that price has 
respected rather than repeatedly traded straight through. A clean resistance level should show some evidence that sellers actually care about that area, just as clean support should show evidence 
that buyers care. The third characteristic is proper consolidation. This is particularly important when I'm looking to trade a breakout or breakdown because the behavior immediately before price 
reaches the level can tell you a tremendous amount about the potential trade. There is a reason why in my trading course, I made multiple videos describing what proper consolidation looks like and 
how to measure it. Consolidation [snorts] is price acceptance and you need these periods of relative equilibrium to gauge just how strong the buying or selling is after a large move in one direction. 
After a big move, how far do we retrace? How loosely do we retrace? This consolidation can also create what I think of as tension. You have buyers and sellers battling over a relatively small price 
range and the market eventually has to resolve that. Shorts might be positioning for a retracement lower and long selling to lock in profits. If we consolidate and don't pull back, when that break 
higher finally happens, all the longs need to re-enter and the shorts need to cover. This is easily one of the most underestimated points in trading breakouts. I know not everyone has access to my 
course, so if this is you, make sure you're databasing hundreds of examples of what the best setups look like and study the commonalities of those consolidation periods. I want to see a 
consolidations like this mega breakout in VVOS a few years ago. The fourth characteristic I care about is an emotional reaction. I want levels where price has previously demonstrated that market 
participants cared. And the more significant the reaction, the more interested I generally become. I want the level where upon the break, you feel the tension and the rush for everyone to reposition. 
I want shorts panicking and longs piling into a breakout. I want to see massive volume confirming my view that this level was a big deal to a ton of market participants. and I want to see price 
rapidly push away from the level. The fifth characteristic is agreement on multiple time frames. And generally, the more time frames on which a level is meaningful, the better. Support and resistance 
exist everywhere. You can find them on a two-minute chart, a daily chart, or a weekly chart. But a level becomes especially interesting when several of those charts point toward the same price. The 
more time frames that align, the more market participants you get on your side. For example, earlier this year, we saw this intraday breakout in gold align perfectly with the prior day's highs. And 
when it broke, it took off like a rocket. That is not a coincidence. This is why I always encourage traders to zoom out. Now, keep in mind, trading is not always clean and perfect. You do not need 
every single one of these criteria on every trade. But the more criteria you can stock in your favor, the better. And keep in mind, even a perfect looking setup can still fail. Trading is 
probabilistic. So what we are trying to do is identify conditions that improve the quality of the setup while giving us a logical framework for capturing the reward and limiting the risk. This is 
also why blindly trading support and resistance usually disappoints beginners. If you back test every random horizontal line on every random stock without considering the context, you should expect a 
lot of noise. The edge comes from becoming increasingly selective about the situations where you apply the concept. So, the next time you draw support or resistance on a chart, do not immediately ask 
whether you should buy or sell there. First, ask whether the stock or product is actually in play, whether there's enough volume, volatility, or attention to make the setup worth caring about. Then, 
determine whether the level is genuinely clean, whether price is consolidating properly around it, gauge the emotional reaction to see whether participants cared about that price, and know that the 
level becomes more significant than aligns with other time frames. If several of those factors line up, now you have my attention. Support and resistance becomes much more powerful when it gives you 
a clean place to structure risk inside a stock that is actually offering opportunity. The goal is to draw fewer lines and demand considerably more from the setups you choose to trade. Mastering these 
nuances to better understand my setups is how I've approached technical analysis throughout my career. And it's the difference between simply identifying a level and finding a level that might 
actually be worth trading. Thank you for watching. Hit that subscribe button. And if you enjoyed this video, check out this one on why aligning multiple time frames is so important.