how do you kind of balance that with a data point I saw recently is that the single best day to buy the market is at an all-time high because one, three, and five years out the outperformance of buying on the all-time high price versus any other day of the month or any other day of the year is hundreds of basis points. And so is it just like the longer the time period &gt;&gt; that is the most curve fit ridiculous like data I've ever heard in my life. That is only applicable in hindsight in a bull market. If you were to say the absolute So So we So Tasty's a think tank, just so you know. And you could not have come up with a more That is a That is crap. Total &gt;&gt; You think so? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. We've researched this because people have said that. So So we have a think tank, which is just a bunch of PhDs, physicists, mathematicians, and everything. &gt;&gt; Smart people. &gt;&gt; Smart way way smarter than any than I am. And so we studied that exact fact using a lot of data. We We basically So we have our own database, but we use essentially we go back to 2005. Most of our data goes back to 2005. We go back to 1990 with some stuff, but we've studied that since 2005. And And I'm not talking about one, two, and five years out or one, three, and five years out, but there is absolutely zero cuz I've always heard, you know, you should buy you know, buy breakouts and all that stuff. There is zero truth to that. Markets are completely random. There's no statistical significance whatsoever that you should buy tops. &gt;&gt; Now, why does momentum investing work so well? &gt;&gt; Who says it does? &gt;&gt; Well, you look at returns. I'm not saying that it's better than other investment strategies, but it does seem to work in the sense that people who buy on momentum tend to make money more times than they would necessarily sell or lose money. &gt;&gt; Again, you think there's a difference between a bull bull market phenomena and and &gt;&gt; random, you know, efficient markets. &gt;&gt; Do we have efficient markets? &gt;&gt; I think we do. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Uh no, I think that the market is we're just in a perpetual bull market forever because the central &gt;&gt; in positive drift. So, I believe in &gt;&gt; What is that? &gt;&gt; So, positive drift is just that over time everything gets better. Like I believe positive drift for everybody. Like like if you said to me, "Hey, here's where I am in my life right now." My argument is well, 10 years from now you're going to be doing better than you're doing today. And 20 years from now you're going to better than I think that everybody that commits themselves to me there's there's we have positive drift in our lives and we should. And we have positive drift in the markets. Over time the markets are going to go higher. But I don't think that we I don't think that's an easy perspective to have and I don't think that that I don't think that with respect to markets that actually helps people. &gt;&gt; Mhm. See, my thought has always been um and we should call out that you have a very kind of trading centric perspective. &gt;&gt; fair. &gt;&gt; Uh I as I told you started out trading and very quickly realized, "Hey, maybe I should just buy and hold and whether I'm losing or winning on paper like just hold is a little bit better." Um but my thought process has always been uh if you are younger, which I think is an important caveat. So, we'll call it, you know, sub 50 years old or so. You have 10 to 20 year, you know, kind of timeline based on a whole bunch of different factors. Uh it is very hard to make an argument that markets will not be higher over a 10 to 20 year time period. So, it sounds similar to your positive drift. Um but in the last I don't know, 5 years maybe. Um may maybe 8 years. It seems like the central bank has perfected the playbook where if we get near a market downturn they're just going to stimulate the hell out of the market and economy to the point where you could ask yourselves like have they outlawed a bear market? &gt;&gt; If you like this video, please take a look in the description at what I'm building now. You can join along for free, get access to my new portfolio, career optimization tools, financial forecasting, and our new prediction engine. Stay tuned for even more.
