Do you look at or do you create trading strategies by looking at data or do you recommend others do that? What's your thought on that in terms of designing trading strategies or thinking about trading in terms of systematic strategies? &gt;&gt; I think that what I do is I apply different strategies to different levels of implied volatility. Um so it really depends for me. Um I mean, obviously we want to be capital efficient in everything that we do because I do play kind of a game law of large numbers. But on top of that, I I really base a lot of my strategy on different levels of implied volatility. If I think implied volatility is cheap, I will do things that I think are um a little bit better for low implied volatility. And if I think volatility is expensive, I will take on more risk because I feel like there's more opportunity. &gt;&gt; And uh would you also uh test it or simulate stuff uh that there are tools available? I'm sure tasty also has those features where you can kind of back test or simulate stuff. &gt;&gt; tasty has all those features for back testing. I personally don't use them very often because I've pretty much seen every scenario. Um and I can also, you know, my mind works in I I know it's going to sound &gt;&gt; Other than implied volatility, is there anything else which you look at as a leading indicator of what could happen for a given uh spread or a structure? Uh do you look at something else beyond implied volatility? &gt;&gt; I mean, I occasionally will look at um I do look at price because not that I'm I'm only making a subjective opinion on price, but I do look for situations where I think the price is at an extreme. I also will look for extreme situations in skew. Um I don't I don't search by skew, but I do look at the option pricing skew to see, you know, how much how much the market is pricing in, you know, upside or downside pricing skew. &gt;&gt; Got it. Got it. And here in India, one of the things which a lot of traders look at is um open interest across different strikes. Um that's something which I don't see much in in the US specially. Any any any idea as to whether it has any informational advantage over uh other &gt;&gt; We We trade mostly liquid underlyings. There's no advantage to open interest, especially if you're trading indexes or um or liquid underlyings. I I I think the only time we'll ever look at open interest is if we're trading something that's very illiquid, just because we'd like to know, you know, is anybody else trading it? But I stick to mostly 99% of my trades are very liquid underlyings, so open interest is not a factor. &gt;&gt; Got it. Thanks. So um I'll I'll move on to the next one, which is You know, Tom, I'm I'm a trend follower at home, and you you you've been the little that I've read about you or heard your in your interviews, uh I've not heard much about trend following from you. So uh what's your honest take on trend following? You know, you can speak your mind. I won't be I won't get offended. It's okay. &gt;&gt; So I I'm a contrarian, so I'm not a trend follower. If anything, I fade trends. So I have made my living fading trends. That's how That's who I am. I don't believe that there's such a thing as a trend. Um I mean, obviously, you know, like right now we're in a crazy bull market and and you know, of course there are stocks that go hyperbolic or they get crushed, things like that. But I I'm not somebody that believes that there's anything more to it than it's just a random case of multiple days in a row. &gt;&gt; Then, um how do you make sense of all these CTAs who run managed futures funds and all of that? There's a whole industry to it, billions of dollars to it. So, how do you make sense of it? &gt;&gt; Um I don't try to. I don't know exactly what those guys do. I don't know how successful they are. I haven't seen results of a lot of um commodity trading advisors who have been very successful. I know that there's a handful that have made money, but I think that's just actually a statistical exactly what's supposed to happen statistically. Um my argument would be that in black and white instruments like futures, it is very difficult to manage a you know, a directional fund based on trends. That's just my two cents. &gt;&gt; Got it. Got it. If you like this video, please take a look in the description at what I'm building now. You can join along for free, get access to my new portfolio, career optimization tools, financial forecasting, and our new prediction engine. Stay tuned for even more.
