[00:00] Hey guys, September 22nd, 2026 here with your nightly watch list video. Pretty awesome day out of the memory stocks. Um, and then just on the opposite side of that spectrum, not all software names were acting great today.

[00:14] Um, semiconductors continue to shape up and act great. Marvel, uh, ARM, TSM, ASML, they are definitely on my radar. I just don't see a way to get involved in those names tomorrow. So, we'll just let them be. We'll let them have their uh rest if they're going to have it and then we can find a potential higher low to get involved into some of these names soon.

[00:39] Mags continue to act great. Therefore, I want to make sure I've got Amazon and I've got um even in Nvidia and I've got Google on the radar. Google a little bit of a rejection. I just don't love that action as much. Again, you can look at Amazon today and not be very excited, but I have to continue to leave it on the radar if we are right pressed up against that 50 simple, but it's going to have to take out today's high 259 in order to get moving back towards the upside.

[01:09] Fortnet on the cyber security side acting well. This group is just um you know constructive in a way where it hasn't quite gotten going just yet. But Octa's right near 200 bucks new closing high. Crowd Strikes acting great. Rubric's acting great. Fortnite these last couple of days consolidating again. Do we just get going over a prior day high 17610? I'll keep an eye on it, but I would need to see a pick up in volume if I'm going to play it.

[01:37] HPE, I don't mind what this is doing. I wouldn't even mind a little bit of a bigger check back into the potentially 10 and even 20 days. So, I'm not in a rush to get involved here, but I do like the base that this name has built. So, I want to make sure that I do keep it on the radar going forward.

[01:58] IGV similar story. You know, today maybe this was buyable as a 620 setup towards the middle of the day. Um you know can some of these software names continue and maybe we're buying some strength 10850 on IGV again even if this did come down a little bit further I would still be looking for some strength in that semigroup to maybe get involved into the software names.

[02:22] Microsoft same deal it is gapping up just a touch in the afterhour session I really don't mind the way this thing looks on a weekly chart um and in particular on the daily it's done nothing wrong but go sideways So, really no complaints in an ideal world. 50850 plus and then off to the races.

[02:39] Numont Mining. Um, really nice action out of GDX today. I don't want to have too many of these names on the radar, but I think that at least keeping the most liquid on the radar makes some sense. Again, potential cup and handle being built out here. GDX pretty nice move. You've got uh WPM, AEM, GFI, AU, uh AUG, IAG. I mean, you've got a bunch of these uh that are hanging in here pretty dang constructive. So, I want to just keep NEM on my radar just in case, you know, this thing wants to get going over the 20 simple moving average. Good. 12676. In an ideal world, you get a slight gap down and then you start to rally and effectively playing it as a five minute opening range break.

[03:31] Again, NOW maybe not the best action out of some of these uh software names today, but you refuse to break down. You haven't even come down into that unfilled gap. We'll see if it does. Um I don't know that it's going to. Maybe there's a chance that you get an ugly close um gap up and then take out a prior day high and then this is off to the races. You know, that has kind of been what we've seen as of late. You get these little ugly close gap up and then, you know, people are just kind of afraid to go after it. Um if that were to happen, 14210 is a spot uh to pay attention to.

[04:09] NTAP, again, another software stock. It's actually acted well since its earnings. I don't think it's doing much wrong here. I definitely want to make sure that I keep this one on the radar. Again, just building sideways, bigger picture. I don't see anything wrong with it at all. Again, no real distribution coming into this thing. A little bit more weakness if you come into the 50. I think that could be interesting. Again, could be even played as a higher low, but it would also have to take out that 199 spot.

[04:34] Uh PaloAlto again, not a big deal. In fact, I probably um you know, look, Crowd Strike's acting a little bit better. Octa's acting a little bit better, Rubric's acting a little bit better, Crowd Strike, etc. But it's got such a tight session today. Um, and it did close green. Take out today's highs, 378, call it. Um, and that could be pretty dang good.

[04:58] Palunteer, similar story for the software names, you know, just kind of channeling higher here. I don't know that I love it, but there is a chance that this one just takes off tomorrow. So, again, the market's at an all-time high. You want to get into names that have been acting well for the last couple of weeks and you've got some established leadership out there. Micron back in a leadership role, SanDisk back in a leadership role. AMD is arguably um you know, one of the best names out there at the moment. You've got Mags sitting right near all-time highs. You got some Cyber sitting right to all-time high. Names that are at all-time highs right now when the Q's are at a new all-time high. Uh those are your leaders and you're not too far off at least from a 52-week high on Palunteer. So I want to make sure that I do keep this one on the radar. It does it just go tomorrow? If it does, I hope it doesn't gap up and go, but that could be the case. And um well, I don't know that I chase it, but we'll find out tomorrow. In an ideal world, even if it does gap up, wait for a little bit of a morning pull, establish a low reclaim VWAP, and then good to go from there.

[06:07] SanDisk again kind of breaks that neckline at 1,800 bucks. Unfortunately, I owned it yesterday and it just didn't close well enough. And then meanwhile, we know how NOW played out um where it gaps up and then fades off. You got to love it. Um again, feels like this thing can make a run back to all-time highs. You know, 24% for this name is not a heck of a lot really. That's just a handful of days of price action. We've seen this thing go up 24% really in the last uh 4 days as is 5 days uh right now. So, you know, can this do another 25%. I don't think it's out of the question. Any kind of back test into 1,800 bucks. We'll see if it can find some support there and then start to give a 620 setup at that spot.

[06:54] And then TGTX, I mean, this thing looks pretty damn good. Uh but it would have to get going tomorrow again. Ideally, take out 59 and then off to the races. But a really nice looking base here. XBI did a phenomenal job uh snapping back and then obviously you've got a bunch of therapeutic stocks on the move today. So, we'll see what happens tomorrow.

[07:16] Continue to try to get yourself positioned. The markets are at an all-time high. I don't think that that's much of a reason to be bullish. Yes, financials are not participating and yes, a bunch of other parts of the market are not participating, but I actually think that that is pretty bullish. Um, I know people continue to say, "Well, net lows are exceeding uh new net highs." Yes, but the biggest stocks on planet Earth are the ones that are actually going higher. So, they're kind of um keeping everything afloat. And then any one of these days, you could start to get a really nice snapback rally um in other parts of the market.

[07:52] SPCX is another name I have on my radar. Just thought I'd mention it. But again, it's one of those kind of names where you effectively put in an inside day and it might just get going. I mean, you don't really know which ones are liable to wake up the very next day and after hours you had some pretty good news uh for quantum related stuff. So, uh you know, is ion that kind of lagging sector where now you're above the 200? I think it's INFQ. Uh that's another one. Just really nice move up off the lows, nice multi-week consolidation, slight little gap up, right? Are these the kind of names that wake up next? Um, well, when your market's at an all-time high, anything is possible. So, just keeping an open mind.

[08:34] There is nice leadership names established out there. So, we'll continue to uh remain positive. And if the market wants to continue to rally, you have to try and find your way in some names despite it feeling a little bit choppy. Pullbacks, I think, still feel like the best way to get involved. Pullbacks intraday 620 setups. You saw a beautiful spot on a name like PaloAlto today. I know some of you guys took it. So, that is really nice to see. But this is your ideal. You get your wash out and then you get your 620 setup. And if you're taking these spots, you're being, you know, not in all situations, but you were rewarded for taking this kind of setup. And it looks really good for some potential adds going into tomorrow.

[09:15] So, ideally, the market wants to stay strong. Again, it's hard to be too negative on the market when so many things are washed out, but you've got established leadership in your MAGS ETF. You've got established leadership in the largest part of the S&P 500, which is your XLK. Um, and meanwhile, the market's doing this and it's helping obviously the S&P 500 stay afloat while something like this is happening. So, I want to remain optimistic. As long as we are focusing on the very best groups and themes in the market, I think we should be okay. Um, and until something changes, I really don't see a reason to get negative here. So, set your alerts and I will see you guys bright and early tomorrow morning. Cheers.
