What would you define edge as then? &gt;&gt; Edge is Edge is actually edge. Edge is when when the theoretical price of something is a dollar and you get to buy it for 95 cents. But retail customers don't get that. &gt;&gt; Well, what would you say is the best thing for a retail trader to be focused on? &gt;&gt; Doing. Like the best thing a retail trader can do is just do it. Like try to do things. Keep it small. Like when you talk to Liz next you'll see. Trade small, trade often. It's the the whole concept we are firm that believes in in law of large numbers. And because it fits into our math. And um sorry. &gt;&gt; That's okay. &gt;&gt; Um with respect to law of large numbers, if you do things that are that are let's say they have a certain probabilistic outcome, which is absolutely true in the world of options. If you sell an out of the money call, it has a better chance of expiring it it has a it it has a higher chance of being successful than if you sell an in the money call. It's just it's just the way the the numbers work. So, but in order for that probability to play out, you have to do it a number of times so that your expectation of probabilistic outcomes is actually comes true. So, we like the concept of or we like the idea of you know, doing things a lot of things and staying small in the process because that's how kind of how you define your risk and that's the best way to learn. &gt;&gt; One thing JJ mentioned to us actually was that you a trader who could handle a lot of size and had a a lot of a higher risk tolerance. &gt;&gt; Yeah. When I was younger. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean I mean looking back at it now, I did a lot of incredibly stupid stuff. Um I I'm not like I wouldn't look back at that and say like that I'm necessarily proud of it. I mean I think like traders would be like you know, the guys that will jump off a bridge now and you think like that guy's crazy. Well, you know, probably back then we would take down you know, a couple of tens of millions of dollars worth of risk and not even realize it intraday. You know, so I think that there was there's no question that we did a lot of crazy things size-wise. But back when I was a floor trader, you know, it was like kind of go big or go home. And my world's completely changed. Now it's like trade small, trade often. It's the numbers telling me it makes sense. I love doing lots, you know, it's a different world. &gt;&gt; When you're managing the so many positions, how do you allocate risk accordingly? Do you have like a set portion of your overall capital that is then allocated to all these positions? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. So what you do is you um we have a we have a a couple different ways to do it. Number one is we base our total portfolio allocation on whatever the VIX is doing. So so we base it all on volatility. When volatility is high, we put more money to use. When volatility is low, we put less money to use cuz there's less opportunity. And what we try to do also is limit the amount of money that we allocate on a per trade basis. So in other words, you know, depending on your account size, you might allocate between a half a percent and let's say 5% of your available buying power on a per trade, but you never want to get much bigger than 5 or 7%. That way you protect yourself through diversification. So um uh position diversification, which is which is underlying diversification, strategic diversification, and uh basically volatility or durational diversification. They all lower your risk by about kind of in the neighborhood of 30 to 40%. So it reduces your the standard deviation of risk in your portfolio. And that's what we're big on. &gt;&gt; And are you focused purely on options market or are you trading across a few different markets? &gt;&gt; We trade everything, but I mean, at tasty, the majority of our business is listed options and futures options. We're the third largest futures options firm and probably the fourth largest options firm in the world. So, you know, like we're not trying to be somebody we're not. We offer crypto, we offer stocks, of course, we offer futures, um but the majority of our business is is options. And you know, listen, we've we've revolutionized that business. We should stick in our lane. &gt;&gt; Do you believe or or have any sort of thoughts when it comes to a particular market having more edge? &gt;&gt; I don't think there's any edge in any market. &gt;&gt; Really? &gt;&gt; There are markets that have less edge, but there are no markets that have more edge. So, in other words, you can't have it if if the counterparty is a professional firm, cuz remember, when you make a trade, you're not making a trade with me. You're making a trade with a high-frequency firm, a server. You're trading with either Citadel or Susquehanna or Simplex or somebody out there. You're trading with a professional firm on the other side. They are not trading for negative edge. So, the market might be a a quarter of a cent wide or half a cent wide, but it's not negative edge. So, you have no edge, ever. So, yeah, you got to get that out of your head. You're not going to ever have edge. Um but you're you're not disadvantaged, either, because you're trading on their markets, but you get to do whatever you want to do. They don't get to do what they want to do. So, your advantage is you get to do whatever you want to do. They have to make the markets. And we're not going to lose any sleep for those guys, cuz they make billions of dollars. [laughter] So, let's not worry about them, but but um but you get to do whatever you want to do. &gt;&gt; When you said uh certain markets having less edge, which markets would you think that would be? &gt;&gt; Well, you can get into markets that are a little bit less efficient. Like, for example, crypto's a little less efficient. Um spot forex is a little less efficient. &gt;&gt; If you like this video, please take a look in the description at what I'm building now. You can join along for free, get access to my new portfolio, career optimization tools, financial forecasting, and our new prediction engine. Stay tuned for even more.
