[00:00] Hey guys, September 7th, 2026 here with your nightly watch list video. There are quite a few names um on my watch list tonight. A lot of them I don't think are necessarily actionable right away. Um but you're going to notice a lot of semiconductors back on my radar. I think um in particular in that group, those names have had an opportunity to pull back. They started to find support exactly where they needed to. Thursday, Friday, really constructive sessions for those names. A lot of them um back above key moving averages or at least making their way into the declining 50-day in some cases.
[00:40] For instance, like a name like Intel and that's going to be kind of where the rubber meets the road. In particular, in the AI growth space, semiconductors play a huge role. But when I'm watching the overnight session and I own Micron again, kicking myself a little bit for SanDisk. H so close um to having SNXX. Little frustrated, but doesn't matter. Um MU's a really nice trade. It's gapping up 30 points in the uh afterhour session. So, or in the overnight session. So, that's obviously really good. And if that group is going to come alive, then I'm not just going to ignore, you know, your your AMD, your Nvidia, um your Intel, uh your SMTC, go down your list, right? Um so I think that that's really important that we at least pay attention to that group. Do some of these names start to live and reclaim their 50-day uh start to build out that right-hand side to give us a spot to enter or do they run into supply and then start to roll over? I don't know. Um but I think that it is really important that we have these names on our radar. Let's start to work through them because there's quite a few at least names to talk about.
[01:53] AMD, I personally love the base that this is building. this thing has been refusing to break down and I don't think that this thing is doing anything wrong. Um, you know, there are moments where you could look at it, it's below a falling 50 and you could say, well, rolling top, yeah, maybe. But when you start to get really great action in these memory stocks, then I can't really complain at what AMD actually looks like. I don't have a way and it's gapping up again in the overnight session that I'm really willing to buy it on an overnight gap up going into the 50-day, but I have to leave it on the radar if and when it can reclaim the 50-day um and then even give us a little bit of a back test of that level. It has to stay on the radar after these last handful of months where this thing effectively goes from 200 to almost 600 almost a 200% move. It has really done nothing wrong, right? 27% pullback when you consider what some of these other semiconductors have done. I'm not trying to compare the two, but look at the move on poet straight up and straight down. Those are the names I want to ignore. I want to look at the names that have been consolidating and holding up best, right? Look at Dell into a new all-time high. Well, guess what Dell was doing this whole time? It was effectively going sideways and then a little bit of a catalyst to spark the move. But of course AMD um having gone sideways deserves our attention.
[03:18] Circle, I really should have bought this one instead of Robin Hood, but effectively they did the same thing. Nice little morning gap down reclaim of VWAP. Picture perfect. I don't know what uh crypto is going to be doing this week, but both Circle and Hood are on my radar. Do I have to force my way in? No, I don't. Wait for a bit of a pull. Wait for a reclaim. I think that's going to be the easiest way to get involved with your least amount of risk and I'll continue to leave those two names on watch going forward.
[03:48] Dell again, the catalyst finally got this thing moving on earnings. Nice high volume close. Nice push right through that level effectively 490s all the way up to 535. Not too bad. I'll continue to watch the right hand side here to see if we can get any kind of a check back um you know into the rising 5day even and then look for a 620 setup down at the 5day. We'll see how that ends up playing out.
[04:15] Again, Robin Hood, similar story. Just not enough of a strong close on Friday to make me want to keep it into the overnight session. Just a flat it wasn't even I I think I might have made a buck or two on it. I I I don't know. I got to look. But call it a flat trade. really did nothing um from my entry. Again, Circle was uh the one that pushed out a little bit better and closed a bit better, but I continue to leave these names on watch. You know, I look at Robin Hood. There was some news uh tonight that they are actually taking Aura O the Aura Ring uh public. Um so that should be fairly interesting um as as Robin Hood unlocks a new door uh for themselves. you've had, they've do prediction markets, they're doing sports betting, you know, they do crypto, they do, you name it. Um, so it's really nice to see, you know, um, Vlad does not stop innovating over at Robin Hood, a name that I'd love to find myself back into. Um, but, you know, try to get situated in a way where price can push away from our cost basis quickly and then that allows us to manage our risk uh, well.
[05:22] IBIT is one that I continue to own. I have not added to this name at all. I'd like to see it continue to trade sideways um so that we can get you know roughly four times its ATR above the 50. So in the meantime just kind of watching it chop around and flag out Ethereum or ETHA similar story. So not a lot to do there.
[05:44] Intel again coming into the 50 you know four days up in a row and now gapping up almost a hundred bucks into a falling 50. Do I buy a gap up into a falling 50 tomorrow? Hell no. Um, so hopefully you guys understand why not, right into supply. Um, I'd like to see price get up above all on its own and then ultimately um, you know, start trading back above the 50 and then a little back test of that level. A whole lot easier uh to manage risk than to buy a gap up into supply. Uh, does it just blow through that level? Yeah, maybe. um and and that's totally fine. Then of course it becomes an even bigger priority to keep our eyes on it. But if we don't buy the gap up into a declining 50, are we missing the move to 200, right? Well, probably not. Uh there's going to be higher lows along the way there. There might be a little low cheat setup here before these highs, right? There might be something um before this thing just runs up in a straight vertical line to 200, right? So, I'm not too concerned if I don't buy a gap up into a falling 50-day, but of course, I have to leave it on the radar.
[06:57] Microsoft, nice little down day on Friday. A bunch of software names and this one's even slightly gapping down into the 20. I don't mind that at all, right? I talked about this being a bit extended from the 50 and it's doing exactly what you'd hope. So, I will continue to leave it on watch, get within four times its ATR from the 50, build me a higher low, start to break those highs. something that you know I understand where I can manage my risk and then MSFU if I'm not mistaken for the 2x leverage. So this moves you know almost five times u or 5% per day excuse me. So that would be kind of the way to play it plenty liquid almost 200 million bucks a day.
[07:38] Micron I already own gapping up. We'll see if on this gap up they sell some of it off. If they do that would be awesome. Let it establish a low, let it reclaim an intraday VWAP. That might be a spot to add. Again, SanDisk has to remain on the radar. Uh SKHY is another one that should be on the radar. MU I already own. So from here, you know, if we can get a little push tomorrow if it happens right out of the gate, maybe I take a little bit of a piece off. Um, but in an ideal world, we can just get a quick morning wash out, flush, stick, reclaim, and then, you know, the market's acting well, and we go from there.
[08:16] And the memories and the photonics, I don't have it on my radar just yet, but I do want to mention um, LIT again, you're gapping up, you pulled back, you found some support at the flattening 50-day. I have to be paying attention to this thing again. Very, very subtle higher lows. Now, you just happen to be finding some support on the rising 50. We'll see what it acts like tomorrow. I do have it on the radar, but just so many names to talk about at the moment, but I guess I would throw that one in there if you guys are interested in a Photonix name.
[08:45] Nvidia, not much to do with it Friday. It came into some supply into these prior highs. I'm going to wait for this thing to finish building and then NVDL will be what I'm watching if Nvidia can begin to act well. And it is gapping up in the overnight session. Not too surprising.
[09:03] Octa is about the only cyber security name at the moment that I'd even be remotely interested in. 173 is kind of that spot. Good above 173, below 173, just leaving it alone.
[09:15] Palunteer continues to build out its right hand side. Again, this absolutely massive volume. Epic. Um, I don't love the action on Friday, but as long as it can continue to build out the right hand side, give us something constructive. Again, you get an ugly close. Do we get a gap up back through the 20 SMA? Um, and a very very similar move on Thursday. Will that be possible tomorrow? Maybe. I I don't want to take it off the radar. Phenomenal earnings, massive volume back above the 200. Palunteer has been a leader in the past. you you had a correction but you know not something that fell apart again back above the 200 on awesome earnings on huge volume I just can't ignore it if software is going to act well it feels like in particular the IGV needs the help from Palunteer needs the help from Microsoft you know service now and um yeah I just just cannot ignore it again great earnings and sales so not a name that I you know would just ignore uh for the sake of ignoring.
[10:20] SMTC. Some of you guys have mentioned this one to me. Trades $400 million a day. So, plenty plenty of liquidity. Incredibly tight session on Thursday. Really nice range expansion on Friday. Again, a little loose here, just a little bit. So, I'm going to continue to watch it over the coming sessions to see if we can get something, you know, along this right hand side. Um, a bit of an inside day, I think, would be sweet, but we are gapping up. So, we'll see what happens tomorrow at the open. SMTC continues to be one of those that I would watch. So, thank you guys for putting that on my radar.
[10:56] SanDisk, don't mind it at all. I had SNX on Thursday and I didn't love the close, so I got rid of it. Friday, absolutely monster session. Well, they're capping it up uh tonight and that's going to be a little frustrating looking at an SNX, but it is what it is. Of course, I will leave this name on my radar. you know, does this thing just run back out to highs with the earnings and sales? It wouldn't surprise me. Um, if you're living below the 50, that's an issue. But you're back above the 50. I'm going to throw all my opinions out the window about um where they may or may not be heading or if they've topped or have not top. WDC, I think, is one that very, very, very likely does not go back to an all-time high, at least not anytime soon. But SanDisk, Micron, um, I wouldn't put it past those two names to be able to at least go make a run.
[11:49] Um, SPCX, again, this thing I think pretty straightforward. Above 150, good. Below 150, maybe not so good. We'll see what it does tomorrow above that 150 level. We are 14960s in the overnight session. So, not too far away from that 150 level. And you look at your NQ in the overnight session up almost a half percent. So, you know, they're not going to make it easy, right? Because they're gapping it up. And do they ever make it easy? We'll see if we can get a bit of a morning wash on any of these things. Even after the gap up, any names that are gapping up beyond Friday's close, back test, try to go red, hold green, and then go from there. I think that those are the names on my list that I absolutely need to be paying attention to. So any names that are gapping up and they're showing, you know, they're up 2%, 3%, 1%. Come back and test flat or red and then get back into green. Those are the names that I really want to be paying attention to. Those could be possible pullback spots as um the gap up plays out.
[13:00] TGTX, the only biotech on my radar um at the moment. Again, a therapeutic stock and I love the two-day pullback on really low volume. Take out today's highs. I've been waiting for a tight spot and we finally got it. 5670. Take that spot out and then hopefully off to the races if biotechs are acting well. Again, size these names smaller. I I I don't think um you know, you ever want to get caught in a nasty biotech gap down u but TGTX, they make money, so that's obviously uh nice to see. They've never even these last three quarters, they haven't even beat earnings and they're still trending up. So that that's impressive uh in and of its own.
[13:44] TSM again, semiconductor right back through the 50-day gap up, nice push, another gap up. Are you comfortable buying that or do you need some kind of an intraday pull before getting involved? Um I I at least know how I feel. TSM is, you know, one of the biggest and and you know, there is no AI uh without TSM. There is no AI without ASML either. But uh very very important name uh consolidating along the 50-day line. Really nice job getting back through. I have to leave this one on my radar as well. Again, more more than liquid enough. Trades north of five billion bucks a day. So not really a problem there.
[14:26] Marvell, same story. closed above the 50-day on Friday. Slight little gap up in the overnight session. We'll see what it does. Uh Jensen once told us this is a trillion dollar market cap company. I don't know if I believe that, but uh doesn't matter if Jensen believes it. Got to have some faith. Uh no, but honestly, I'm just watching this right hand side build out. Again, a lot of these names, they're up two nice sessions in a row and then they're going to be gapping up in the overnight session. I'm not really comfortable showing up on five minute opening range breaks on a gap up uh for a third up day in a row. So, in particular on some of these names into supply, right? Give me a morning wash. Everything morning wash, stop going down, give me a 620 setup, give me a reclaim of VWAP so I have a low to risk off of. And then we'll judge how the group and the market is acting as that begins to happen. And that will make life a hell of a lot easier. we'll then know at least how much we can size in if these things start to reclaim and then we've got multiple stocks within the semigroup or the software group or the B whatever group it is participating and then we kind of know what to at least be paying attention to. But chasing a gap up on potentially the third upday in a row into supply, you know, it sounds easy um but in real time it makes managing risk a hell of a lot harder.
[15:48] And then HPE, if I'm watching Dell, I'm definitely watching HPE. really nice volume um for basically the earnings stick. They gapped it down on earnings. They ramped it right back up. That's obviously awesome to see. Reclaim the 20 simple moving average and the close 5445 and then back um back to the races right back up towards highs if Dell is going to keep going. And then you get through this little high volume close level. Again, it's high volume close of the quarter. It's not the highest volume ever. It's not the highest volume um of the year or of of really. So you got to take that with a little bit of grain of salt when you're trying to play these high volume close level. You're really trying to play the highest volume ever, the highest volume of the year, right? This is just a high volume close. But how much importance do you put on that level? Not a ton, but I do want to see it trading back through the 20 simple. So 5450s roughly. and then we'll see this thing um hopefully push back up and eyes on Dell if you're going to be playing HP HPE.
[16:59] So, we'll see what happens from here. Um there's there's some names in the crypto space in particular the semispace one optics names the memory names and it'll be interesting to see what happens with this AI trade obviously going forward. A lot of them came under some pressure, but they're starting to act better. But I don't want to get too cute into a three, four day move into supply um on a gap up, right? That just feels like I'd be a total bozo for doing that. So chasing a fivem minute opening range break on a gap up into supply. Um you know, I'd rather just sit in my micron and then let it work. And if it's working, then I know, okay, like, all right, I I got to get myself into something on a pullback buy into the 20, into the 10, into the fiveday, wait for a 620 setup and make sure that the group is acting well at the moment that I go to do that so I can have price push away from my cost. But I can't just sit there and chase price on a fivem minute opening range break on a gap up for some of these names. It'll be the third, fourth up day in a row. I I just can't do it. And again, I'm not worried about these names going back to all-time highs. just yet. They have a lot of supply to churn through. A bunch of these names do and they will continue to build out their right-hand side before they ever make a massive move without us. So, we'll have plenty plenty of opportunities to get involved.
[18:20] And then again, back of mind, I have some software on my radar. Names like, I'm just not going to ignore this name. I just think we have so many stocks to talk about. Um there's there's like a hundred names that should be on your universe list right now and you could fill up multiple portfolios with how well some stocks are acting or how they're starting to potentially shape up. So that gets me excited. But again, excitement doesn't mean FOMO. Um so make sure that you guys kind of understand yourselves when you're looking through those charts. Don't get FOMO. Um but definitely some excitement I think um is safe. And if the market starts to roll and names start to hit some some supply and start to turn over, then we have to have a plan to potentially play that side of the market. But without trying to rush it again, the Q's are acting better, the SPY acting fine, the Russell's probably the lagard, and if cryptos moving, I find it hard to be bearish in general, um, when I still kind of view that as a bit of a risk asset. So anyway, I will see you guys on the desk bright and early tomorrow morning. Set your alerts if you haven't already, and I'll see you guys early on the desk. Cheers.
