I would have never guessed that here I'm 51 years old in the market. I've traded in six different decades successfully and we have traded successfully as a firm. You know the idea is if you have a three in a thousand chances of making it as a trader what you got to do is you have to rearrange the odds. If you lose your money you're out of the game. Is this is a game not about being right on the next trade. This is the game about using risk management over two 300 trades and then being able to get the data to show that you have an edge. Your chart is go and take a look at NASDAQ. Take a look at S&amp;PS, take a look at sugar, gold, whatever, and try to find some classical chart patterns and you will see that the trades that really put in the money were trades that broke out of classical chart patterns and just never looked back. of all the times I've gotten together with market wizards. Richard, the thing I've never heard is is what RSI lines do you use? Do you use moving averages? Do you day trade? That those things are not discussed because those things quite frankly are not important over a period of time. 80% of your trades will basically scratch each other out. 20% of the trades will give you the profits you need to be net profit boo. The key then is not to have the 80% eat into the 20%. I don't advise people to get into trading, but I don't want to discourage you either. I think the key is survive for five years and there's hope. Keep your money together. It takes a while to figure out how to trade. Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode. As always, we bring top traders, US investing champions, and market wizards here onto the show to share their journeys, their methods, their strategies, and the key principles that they want to pass on to you guys to save you time, save you money, and improve your trading performance. And if you love learning from great traders, we have two exclusive bonuses just for you. Down below in description, you'll find two resources. The first is a breakdown of today's interview with key quotes, key takeaways, and key concepts that you can apply right away to your trading. Second, just below that is something I'm very, very proud of. It is 10 lessons from market wizards. This combines a 100 plus interviews that I've done just like this one and combines all that knowledge into one place. again 100% free. So again, these are located down below in description. Check them out, share them with fellow traders and happy studying. And just one more reminder, if you enjoy these podcasts, please go ahead and double check down below that you're subscribed and leave a like. That helps us out immensely and helps us continue to bring on great guests. Uh so thanks so much in advance. Uh sit back, relax, get your notebooks ready, and enjoy. Okay, welcome back everybody. It's my pleasure to introduce the next presenter of the trader conference, Peter Brandt. Uh Peter, many of you guys know him. He's a market wizard. He's a futures trader. He's been doing this for now 50 plus years, I believe. Peter, is it 51 years? Uh now that you've been learning them in 50 year, 51 right now. &gt;&gt; Congratulations. Has tremendous performance. And today he's going to be sharing a lot of key lessons for everybody about how to approach trading as a business. focus on risk, focus on position management, and the key principles to be able to trade for decades. So, Peter, first and foremost, always a pleasure to speak with you. Always learn something new. Uh, so thank you so much for for for the time. I appreciate it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Hey, thank you, Richard. Thank you for doing this, too. Uh, I I just think I participated in in in this for for years because I think it's it's really worthy. What you guys are doing is really important. You have some great traders on. We're not necessarily pitching something that they're selling, but they're really trying to share exactly what it looks like uh the whole business of market speculation from from where they sit. And that's what I want to do. And you know, 50 years, you know, when I combine my age with the number of years I've been trading, it adds up to 130. I doubt that there's anybody out there in social media who can produce a number larger than that. Actually, I asked that question on Twitter a year or two ago. And there was one gentleman that had me beat by by yours. So, you this has been my life and you know, I'd love to be able to share for those of you who are maybe just trying, starting out. You've been trading for 3 to 5 years. You you think maybe there's some hope. you're starting to gain traction, you're start trying to figure out what your problems are. In the case of somebody who's just starting out, they don't even know what questions to ask really. Uh they don't even know exactly how to identify their problems in order to correct it. and and you know, so I'm glad to be able to share my journey because maybe there's something in my journey that'll cl connect with you and and it'll be an aha moment where you say, "Okay, that's that's really important information. That's something I can do use." So I I just kind of want to identify myself and and walk through what I've been through as a trader. I made my first trade in 1974. Uh it was in there was a futures contract for bags of silver coins that were you that were minted back in the days when the the higher silver content and quarters have dollars and so forth. That was 74 and I actually made some decent money on it. I wasn't in uh futures at the time. Uh, but when I look back now at my time in futures, I go, "Holy cow, I've been a I've been a I've been a traitor in the presidencies of Gerald Ford, Carter, Reagan, Bush Senior, Clayton, Bush Jr., Obama, Trump, Biden, and now uh now it's now Trump again." And so I've seen a lot as I pass through this journey called futures trading. I want to just kind of cover some of the things. Um, a little bit about me. I I don't want to spend much time, but just to give you a perspective of how I ended up on the Chicago Board of Trade. I grew up in Minneapolis, Minnesota to a single mother, uh, divorced dad. We're a welfare family. I I had to learn to work from a very early age. As a matter of fact, I had to figure out what I was going to make to buy my clothes from age 13 on. And so I knew what work was. I was also a fairly good athlete. And uh I played division one ice hockey in Minnesota. I graduated uh from University of Minnesota with a degree in advertising. And that is what I thought I was going to do for a living. Uh we moved out of college, my wife and I and one child at the time to Chicago, Illinois to work for an ad agency called Nem Harper and Steer is uh which is now part of the Omnicon Group, largest ad agency in the world. And uh my my son was playing ice hockey too, little kid ice hockey in Evston, Illinois at the Robert Crown uh ice center. And the dads would sit around and talk about what they do and I'm in advertising and I've got these clients and uh there's a dad that goes, "Hey, I'm a soybean trader." And I go, "What the heck? What is that?" You know, I joined the Chicago Board of Trade, of course. Uh and John invited me down to the board of trade. Come on down and I'll buy a lunch in the fifth floor uh members dining room overlooking the floor, which I did. And I was absolutely captivated. it. I went down a couple more times and uh I was just enamored by the fact that here are these guys that are yelling and screaming in a pit and this is how they make money and they don't have to report to anybody and they don't write memos and they don't sit in meetings and they're off at 1:30. And you know, as a guy that worked hard all his life, I thought I was, you know, fair intelligence. I knew I was a hard worker. I I just felt like what a cool job. How cool would it be for me to make my living uh as as an adult and I was mid20s at the time by trading commodity futures. That's crazy idea. And so I ended up getting a job with Continental Grain that paid me a very small amount of money to try to bring in clients to use Continental Grain. They were a competitor of of Cardell at the time for which I'd be paid a fraction of a cent as a referral. And so I had an opportunity to make money. My real goal was to learn how to trade. I wanted to become an independent trader. Right from the start, I wanted to be an independent trader. Uh but I had to figure out a way to learn the markets. I didn't really know what a futures contract was when I entered. Uh and I had to learn everything. I started from the bottom. I I would bring in clients. Again, my goal was trading. Continental would let us uh trade our own accounts. We'd have to put in and I can't remember 10 or $15,000 and then they'd let you trade that account. They'd monitor it closely, make sure you were uh you know, put your orders in before you putting a customer order in. And I tried everything. I tried trading fundamentals, macro, spreads, uh, point and figure charts, cycles, seasonals, and I would blow accounts and I start another account up for $15,000 and I'd blow it. Another one for $15,000, I blow it. And I had come to the point where I was seriously thinking about going back to advertising. I I about 1978, you know, now at this point I'm four years after my first trade and I'm thinking I'm not sure I'm going to make this. I I have not figured this out yet and I'm four years in. And in 1978 late, a friend of mine brought me over to the board of trade bookstore and bought me the book uh Edwards and McGee, the fifth edition, technical analysis, so stock trends. I read it in a weekend and it just resonated with me and I went I think I know how I might want to do this and so I became a classical chartist. Uh I I started an account to trade classical chart patterns and by the end of 1979 I had my first profitable year and uh and the profits became good. I 7980 was a good year. 81 I split from continental grain and formed my own trading company factory research and trading at the board of trade. Uh traded at the board of trade to 1983 at which point I felt I'm successful enough that I think I can trade off the floor. I I think I can move and I wanted to move my family up to a lake in northern Minnesota where I had been raised. uh no street lights for 15 miles and and trade from there. And there were a couple things that happened in ' 83 dealing with with brokers getting brokerage commission when they're off the floor plus a satellite dishes from uh uh commodity called graphics really allowed me to flee Chicago and and go to where I wanted to trade which was up in uh Niswah Minnesota. And this was an article in ' 83 that the Minneapolis paper found out about me and came up and interviewed me. They they put this this article was the front page in the business section in ' 83 about how a commodity trader who had been in the high pressure pits now all of a sudden kind of took it easy and decided that they wanted to live by the lake. This was uh the place that that we bought by the lake and I started with an uh with an office down in the basement. And &gt;&gt; look at that satellite dish, by the way, Peter. Yeah, look at that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, we use this to get a financial news network, which would which became CNBC, by the way. Uh and we ended up putting in a small satellite dish, the CTG dish up in a lake. And and that was what was kind of the business. And then, you know, I I got hired some people. So I actually had to get an office building for and and this is back in you know the late 80s early 90s a time in which you know I was trading fairly big numbers at the time you know I at this point might have been trading that uh you a million corn a million bushels of corn 100 gold under bonds and that was both for myself I would never handle customers I don't trade OPM M other people's money or I was trading a a a crop here a proprietary account from commodities corp which at there's never been another commodities corp uh other than commodities corp they're in Princeton New Jersey and uh they would test you out with an account of $35,000 and depending on how you go you go from there but you got to remember back in the 70s the markets were not like they were right now. Let me tell you about what it was like in the 70s to trade. We had no computers. We didn't know what computers were. We could not print out charts. We kept our own charts with graph paper. Uh although there were the company that printed charts and you you could buy a chart book. I bought one once a month and then just keep it up with a pencil and a ruler. Uh some of the the exchanges would trade on chalkboards. they would keep price on chalkboards. If I'm the board of trade trading Kansas City wheat, uh I or Chicago wheat, I'd want to know which Kansas City wheat was trading for. I'd have to look at a chalkboard. Even some markets traded with a chalkboard, not a pit like Peter cattle. And I put in an order. Sometimes it would take hours to to find out a fill on an order. We would call all of our orders into the pit. And there are off all kinds of little slang language they'd use like I I'd go buy 20 December that's Christmas corn at the market or or or or sell copper the red metal at the market just to make sure you're you're abundantly clear on what you were doing. And it it was uh it was it was a fun trip. This is the This is our house now after a little remodeling and and and of course this was quite a quite a there was a great place for me to raise kids. &gt;&gt; Hey everyone, just want to jump in here real quick and let you know that this episode is brought to you by DFW, which is the platform I use every single day to find new trading ideas, monitor existing positions, identify new leading themes, and analyze the markets. You guys deserve a platform that keeps innovating and brings you the most up-to-date tools to trade the market. And at DFW, almost every single week, we're launching a new feature or system update. Here's what makes DFW different. The screener comes loaded with preset screens from actual market wizards and top traders. So, you're starting from the setups that the best in the world actually use. And when you're flipping through results, you've got many charts right there, so you can visually scan through hundreds of stocks all at once. That alone saves me so much time every single week. The charting is built for how we actually trade. multiple time frames, unlimited indicators, including Ankor VWAP, enhanced volume, custom indicators like RMV, and the built-in RS rating. You've got custom dashboards to track the market themes, and real-time sector rotation, so you always know where the money's flowing. Best yet, we just launched the DV AI terminal, which brings all your research into DV with easy to use preset prompts or your own custom ones. You can even identify gap catalyst with just a right click. So, go ahead and try it out today. We set up an exclusive offer for all Trailerine podcast listeners. So to activate your trial today, check out the link down below in the description or visit dv.com/mpodcast. That's dv.com/mpodcast. And with that, let's get back to the interview. &gt;&gt; Okay, I I want to get in a little bit touched a little bit here uh on how I trade. Um we're 10 minutes in. I'm going to just take a few minutes talk about what I do as a trader. The last thing I'm going to do is give you nonsense information. You get together with market wizards. They're going to talk about, you know, do you use VWAP? Uh what what moving average you use? Uh uh what RSI link do you use? Those things are never discussed when market wizards get together with reunions. But I trade global futures markets. I trade price and price alone, classical chart patterns. I use no indicators such as RSI. Um I looked at coot. All the money that we trade today is money of retained profits. We we don't trade other people's money. We have three brokerage accounts. We trade with ADM, we trade with Schwab, and we trade uh with IBKR. and and we keep just a bare minimum at each because we have been involved in four brokerage firms that went broke costing us money and so we do not want excess money sitting with brokerage firms rather we look weekly at what we need in terms of margin and we sweep the rest although in the case of ADM and IBTR I can purchase treasury bills that are in my name street name which protects a little bit more there and ADM actually uses T bills to meet margin which is a nice thing for me. Uh I want to talk to you about the process we trade. We'll walk you through a week. The big day of our week is Thursday evening to Friday. From Thursday evening to Friday, I scroll through about 200 charts, weekly charts. In some cases, there's multiple charts of the same market where I will look at soybeans. I'll look at two or three of the continuation charts. I'll look at old crop. I'll look at new crop. I'll look at DAN charts. Uh and we look at all kinds of other things that may give us some sort of feel for what's going on. Want to know what's happening with with barge rates in the river from trading corn. Uh I want to know what what containership rates are doing. Uh ocean ocean vessels. But we don't spend a lot of time. When I do my scroll, I probably allow about one to two seconds per chart. And you know, I've been charting long enough, I know exactly what I want in a trade that I can tell by a chart in one or two seconds whether there's a trade there for me. Now, obviously, I'm looking at charts for which I already have positions. And so, that's key. Uh and and so this is my Friday. Now, by the way, we have something which we call the Friday losing uh clothing rule uh rule here at factor company. Uh we trade the factor account. We dump all losing trades on a Friday. Our rule is do not take loes on a Friday. So, if we put in a trade during the previous week, for instance, he's printing the previous Monday and we're coming in Friday in the close and that trade does not have a profit that that trade is gone. Uh the Sunday is our day for entering orders, you know, from the this the the uh the this crawl through all of the charts. I probably picked out 20 charts that then I look at on Sunday and I'll go back and look at the weekly charts again. I'll look at the Sunday, look at the daily charts, several. And and that's generally I'm carrying eight positions, six to eight positions. I carried 10 trades into Monday, which for me is probably the largest number of trades that that I've carried in uh in some time. And so that's what I'm looking at is I'm looking at all of the charts for which we have positions. I'm looking for a few other charts that might be candidate trades during the week. And we enter good tilt cancelled open orders on our protective stops and on our targets. And so I could I could hypothetically close down my computer in the Sunday evening and similar to uh what uh what Darvis did go on a boat and and check by check in later in the week. And so I am covered. I do not need to turn on my computer and see where where markets are. As a matter of fact, I have found for me I do not want to watch markets during the week. I do not want to monitor markets during the week. The reason is it pulls my emotions in. I can enter orders on a Sunday unemotionally. I'm detached from the markets. I'm looking at price only. When you start to look at markets during the week, it forces you to second guessess. And so I don't want to do that. Although we do take a look at our orders against the charts we have each day at about between 3 and 3:30 uh Arizona time, which right now is Pacific time. and we'll look at those and say, is there an opportunity for us to tighten our stop? That's really the question we're mostly asking is how do we how do we tighten stops? How do we re reduce the liability of being wrong on some trade? Then Monday through Friday is pretty uh pretty easy for us. We really don't do anything. Again, we're looking at uh we're looking at data at the end of the at the end of the trading day. Uh do we have an opportunity? And I would say generally speaking there might be one at the outside two new markets that we bring into play during the week and those would include the markets that we had on our list the previous Sunday for which we had orders. There may be another market that catches our eyes because of something big that happens where all of a sudden we say we now have a setup. Um I had a beautiful career. I pinch myself sometimes when I go, "My goodness, I made my living trading markets. How crazy is that?" I never set out to think that. I I would have never guessed that. Here I'm 51 years old in the market. I've traded in six different decades successfully and we have traded successfully as a firm. when I was included for a market wizards book and I don't know how Jack does it anymore but we have to produce very very documented records on our trading performance you know for Jack I had to provide monthly statements for all of our accounts I had to provide IRS statements that would reconcile uh profits reported to uh the IRS against uh bank records Jack did a thorough job I don't know how he did this past book whether He continued to look, but Jack had us figured that at at an average annual uh rate of return of about 51%. Uh our last losing year was 2013. Uh since then, our company account has been averaging somewhere, oh, I'd say 45% rate of return plus or minus 10 to 15 is really where we come in. Although, and I'll talk about it in a minute, rate of return and win rate are not metrics that we really even watch. We think they're pretty relatively uh unimportant. Oh, I want to talk about the odds here of trading. There there is a lot of really really good research on the success of people who have come into them into the business and said, "Yeah, I want to be a trader. That's what I want to do for my living is I'd like to be a trader." How cool would that be for me to be a trader? And and so they come in and and they and maybe some of you are are among this group. Let me tell you if you if you look through all of the research and and we have done that and then we oppose to AI what is the chance for somebody who had no experience in the markets then they have three years of training and then in the next five years they average a performance of 30% annual return with only one losing year. uh what the data says is there's only going to be two to three people per thousand that are going to achieve that performance. And you know that's what we're up against. I and I don't want to discourage anyone because there is a way through the maze. There are ways to trade it. But I think that the big thing that you have to remember is that if you lose your money, you're out of the game. is this is a game not about being right on the next trade. This is a game about using risk management over two 300 trades and then being able to get the data to show that you have an edge. Quite frankly, if young people ask me what did they have a good job or earning good money and they say should I be trading? My advice to them is save as much as you can every every week, every week, every month. save as much as you can and put money into spy. And if you're 25 years old and you have a good job and a good career and you put $500 uh into spy every month by the time you're 64, you'll have about $5 million. I'd think the odds of that are good. The odds of making it as a trader is slim. But if you look at the US stock market, anybody who has been accumulating stock throughout their life is money ahead. And that that frankly is my advice. I don't advise people to get into trading, but I don't want to discourage you either. Uh I think the key is survive for five years and there's hope. Keep your money together. It takes a while to figure out how to trade. I asked Jack, of all of the people you've interviewed for ARPA Wizards, and I think it's somewhere in the area of 90 91 traders, how many of it hit the road, they were profitable in year one, they were profitable in year two, and they made it. And they made it big. Uh, and you've read about those in Market Wizards. There are people who have done that. Jack said there might be only three or four, maybe five people who hit the ground of all the market wizards and they made it. Uh, and they made it by being right right away. But the vast majority, 95% are people that have been like me. They takes three to five years even to get a scent on what you want to do and then it takes the rest of your life to kind of of of of perfect it. The single biggest advice that was ever given me, and you've all heard it, and it sounds simple. It sounds so simple, not even use it, and that's what the old guys at the board of trade would say. You cut your losses short. Get out of your losses really, really quickly. A loss is not a testimony to your character. You get out of losses and have some provision that allows a winning trade to keep running. It's that combination which in the end, no matter how you trade, that is what it is. Setups are not that important. Quite frankly, what you do to get into a market is far less important than the orders that you use to get out of a market. Market exits will determine you as a trader, not market entrances. You know, a setup is nothing more than a pair of ice skates and you don't know how to skate. You know, it's a tool. It's a set of golf clubs from which you learn how to golf. Got to know thyself. I the one big thing you'll find is that you are going to be your worst enemy. Uh it it's our emotions attempt to sabotage us at every turn. It's the reason that I I know that I can be a compulsive trader. I know I can be sucked into FOMO. And it's the reason that I have created rules and I've learned to follow those rules over a period of time that keeps my emotions away from interday price behavior. And so you need to find your own approach trading. And it's just a matter of math. You will find that that trading is the most magnificent most magnificent experiment in math and statistical probabilities in the world. I really started getting into the math of trading in 2014 and I've just become captivated by the law of of random probability. Going to talk real briefly and then I'm going to turn it over for questions about the Pareto rule 8020. Every trader who is a successful professional trader I know and I know a lot from board of trade days from market wizard reunions is what percent of the trades in your entire career have accounted for at least 80% of your net profits as a trader? The answer every time is 20% or less. This is important because this will apply to you over a period of time. 80% of your trades will basically scratch each other out. 20% of the trades will give you the profit you need to be net profit boo. The key then is not to have the 80% eat into the 20%. because in my case of the 80% um there are a percentage that are small winners but then I have all the losers that I have to deal with and the key is to keep the losses that are among the 80% small enough so that the smaller profits that also sit in the 80% can actually let the 20% be your net profit and not be eroded by larger losses. So that's it. I'll turn it over. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Well, Peter, thank you so much for running through all that. Um, I also want to mention we've done multiple um interviews in the past. So, uh, after this one, definitely recommend checking out the description. We'll have the links to those to go into even more detail into different concepts. But, uh, Peter, first and foremost, I want to touch on that surviving the first five years aspect because a lot of traders might be in that boat right now. Maybe they've had a little bit of success right now. What are some of the the the challenges and obstacles that a lot of traders run into in those five years that they have to survive and what are the things they can do to give themselves the best chance to to make it through? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that that is such a great question. Thank you, Brad. Can I just click off of this and be back on screen with you? Is that what we want to do? &gt;&gt; Okay, super. &gt;&gt; Um, &gt;&gt; the first thing is expectations. You you see people coming in, you know, oh, I had a 2x trade. I made 1,700% on this stock. You you see Twitter's filled with that And I I don't like using the second word in that series, but but but that's the reality. You got to keep your expectations in check. Trading is a marathon. It's not a sprint. Sure, there are those people, those like market wizards that hit the ground and they're successful from the get-go. You got to understand those people are five standard deviation successes. There are those people and we've seen a couple in the last um market wizards book that you know ran 10,000 and 10 million. That is a six standard deviation expectation. um you know when we're talking about even 30% average for 5 years, you know, we're getting down into three standard deviation expectations. And so this idea that you're going to come in and just kill it, it it leads to bad judgment. And one of the bad judgments it leads to is too much sizing where people come in. Now, when I started trading, I I I consider myself lucky richer that I escaped because I used the trading the sizing that I used on a couple trades were were were just insane where I, you know, early on I you know I my goal was to build my goal was to build my account and my I kept all the money in my account. My net worth was in my account and you know I wanted to grow that and grow that. And I knew what size I wanted to grow it to. I mean, initially I I I started in 81 with $88,000. I wanted to grow to a million. That was like my next point, right? I want to be at a million uh in in my account. Uh but but I was willing to take a little bit of risk. Now, when I say risk, I'm saying risking 10% of my capital on a trade. That's insane. That's absolutely insane. and and I I could show your your audience if they're new, depending on their metrics, I'll show how they're going to eventually wipe out. That's the reality. Currently, I risked about 70 basis points on a trade. That's 710 of 1%. So, for each million dollar block of of AUM, you know, we're $7,000 on the trade. You know, what does that look like? Okay, with a million dollars, we may trade three micro NASDAQs. And and so that should give your your viewers what reasonable size would be. Three three of the micro NASDAQs is what we would trade for for each million dollars in their column because we keep our risk under 70 under 100 basis points. So you got to keep your risk under 100 basis points and you got to accept the fact that it is going to take 3 to 5 years for you even to get a scent for you to understand how you trade right now may not be the way that you find you will trade in the future. How you trade right now as a matter of fact is very likely not be the way if you end up becoming a full-time career trader the way that you will find that that that is. And that's only by working through problems. You know, it's to you got to be a problem solver because you got to find, oh my goodness, how do I set stops? How do I determine where I get in? How do I keep myself emotionally balanced? Uh what do I do if I find I'm I'm experiencing FOMO? Uh do I downsize after five straight losses? Uh how do I how do I deal with sizing? How do I deal with overall risk management issues? And so I think that first three to five years they have to just say, "Hey, if I can reach year five and still have my money intact, I will have a pretty good fix on what I want to be as a trader." But you have to allow yourself three to five years. Now, there's some people that are day trading and they say, "I'm going to day trade to make money and then once I make my money, I'm not going to be a day trader." I That's the most stupid thing I've ever heard in my life. that you're going to become a day trader. What to learn then a whole brand new way of trading because that whole brand new way of trading is going to take three to five years. And so I discourage day trading quite frankly because whereas three and a thousand uh newbies to make it a career that's all forms of trading. I think it's probably one in a thousand as a day trader. Of course, everybody who's watching your uh this program right now thinks that they're the one in a thousand and and and that's the reality. And let's hope they are. So, um you got you got to keep your money together. You got to protect capital. Protecting capital is more important than your opinion on a market or a chart. &gt;&gt; Yep. And I think it was telling I forget if you said you do it daily or weekly, but a key question you guys are asking is how can I tighten my risk on this position? how how can I limit my risk as it goes? And that's like a question you ask yourself regularly. And one thing, Peter, I went back and and rewatched some of the the previous talks we've had, and a concept stood out to me, which was composite risk. So, you as a futures trader, you're trading all these different markets. Um, a lot of our audience is um trading stocks first and foremost, but a lot of very highly correlated stocks. So you know you you talk about risking you know.7% 70 basis points on a single trade but for us we also think about everything is correlated in the market when semiconductors get hit you if you have three se semiconductors on that that risk adds up each one so we have to be very aware of that and when things fall they they fall all together so I'd love to hear you elaborate a little bit more on composite risk and how you kind of handle it or advice you might have for for traders in in my situation where a lot of what we're trading is very correlated. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I don't think I would have been successful trading stocks, Richard. And I'm just being dead I'm being dead honest with you. I look at the stock market. That's what I think's risky. I mean, the stock market's way too risky for me. Uh because of that I I mean the only way you're going to make real money in the stock market I mean meaningful rates of return meaningful rates of return. I'm talking about Stan Duck and Miller rates of return is to be 2x on your capital. You got to be leveraged. Uh you got to have a margin account, maximum margin. You got to be pretty much all in. Um, and you know, I refer to the stock market as uh, you know, well, when the cops raid the warehouse, they they arrest everybody, including the piano player. You know, when the stock market something happens, everything goes down. Very few survive. And and and so you've got your entire position in something that's relatively correlated. I am aware of correlated risk. For instance, right now I have a bunch of of of international stock index positions. I'm long index and in Italy. I'm long I'm I'm long the IBEX. Um I was long the topex in in in Japan. But you know futures markets for me are ideally balanced. They're ideally they're ideally designed where I can have a a very diversified risk. I can be long a soft and short of stock index and long a metal and spread in grains and uh I can have a sugar position on and you know and that would be in London and so uh boy I I I don't know what I do. I mean I really do that the idea of being in the stock market with 100% of my money that's frightening. Uh and so I think it's there where you really need to make sure that you have stops in place and that you are moving stops regularly. Uh we're we're wrong on average 45% of the time. So 45 out of 100 trades were wrong. &gt;&gt; You know, we start off with the risk of somewhere between 35 and 40 basis points on those trades. Our average loss is down in the area of 15 to 17 basis points because that just reflects our ability to to keep choking off risk to bring ourselves to a break even which we like to do within a week. We'd like to be break even within a week or close to it. &gt;&gt; Uh but yeah, multiple stocks I I just I think people have to be super careful of composite risk. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Excellent. And uh one question I actually wanted to switch gears a little bit. Um, I know you actually stepped away from trading for about a decade. Um, I'd love to hear about what kind of contributed to that burnout and why you decided to step away and then also how your approach changed when you came back so you could do it more sustainably because I I think I I think there's a lot of lessons there about longevity because we all want to be doing this for decades. That's where the real money is made. So, I'd love to hear your thoughts on that. That'd be great. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and so it was it was a it was a thrill ride. I mean it was a roller coaster. Uh I you know I had multiple the the way we kept track uh back then of draw downs it was monthly. It was a monthly draw down most monthto month draw down that that's typical for the commodity trading advisory industry. they report their draw downs based on the end of the month. Uh and that reflects closed trades plus change in open trade equity and you know so I would have multiple 40% 35% draw downs based on that formula but when I looked in day uh dayto day with open you know I'd multiple 50 60% draw downs. Wow &gt;&gt; that's just brutal. I I couldn't do it now at my age. younger I could, you know, because younger guys think they can conquer the world. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Uh but, you know, it came a point in the 90s where all of a sudden I'm in I've been doing this for 20 years and I just really was burnt out and I didn't need the money at that point. I you know, I had done well enough that I could seriously consider retiring. So, I took 10 years out and started nonprofit organizations. I actually became a me a a a an NGO at the United Nations at the United Nations Council for economic and and social development and you know if I would fund good ideas I really got into philanthropy is what it was but then uh I started getting the itch again to trade in 2005 2006 and you know it's like uh you know the cost of living's going up maybe I need to go back and make a little more so I went back and started trading And I was not sure whether what I did prior would even work anymore. I mean, I'm just guessing I could still do the same things, use the same rules, &gt;&gt; and I would make money, but I didn't know that the markets had gone to electronic trading. You know, prior to that, I I phoned my orders in. I'd wait for Phils. I talked to a human being and on every order uh we're now we're entering orders on the computer and GlobeEx is active and markets are being traded by computer and their expanded days and uh you know it it so happened that what I did worked. Uh 2007 was okay 2008 I had a 100% year which by the way is my last triple digit year. I've not had a triple digit year since. And I think because I've become much more rich risk conscience. I think my goal and it was really coming out of a losing year 2013 and there were reasons for it other than charting. I I had the longest peak of valley to new peak draw down in my life at 17 months and I had the worst trading year of my life at minus3.x. uh and I I really decided at that point I I am going to I'm going to go down the tunnels of statistics. I need to understand trading from a mathematical point of view. You need to understand how performance numbers come together because it's not from whether I'm going to be right or wrong at the next trade. It's going to happen over 200 trades, 300 trades, 400 trades. I want to ignore each trade. I want to build data and see what I can learn. And uh I joined forces at the time with what was the largest uh computerized trading program in the world. They're located out of Chicago. I'm not to mention the name. You'd know it. They helped me develop an Excel spreadsheet that has over a million cells with formula in it in which I can run all kinds of whatif scenarios in trading. You know, what if I move my stop to break even after two days? what if I took a loss in every trade I made? Uh that what if I changed the way I I I get out of winning trades and so forth and it really helped me to get a grasp. So my obsession since 2014 has been I don't really care what rate of return I want. I I ignore that. That's that's a result of number. That that is not a number that I that you can actually have as a goal. You have to have numbers as a goal dealing with profit factor, expected value, uh curtosis, uh and so forth. You need to dig deep on the trading metrics. The best book, by the way, is Jack Schwagger's book, uh Sense and Common Sense, where he goes into every metric you can possibly use. So, we become metric driven as a trading firm. Uh we've got four people in the firm and everybody is is data driven. We are data driven and we focus more on risk management than necessarily trade identification. You know when we think in terms of our edge our edge does not come from trade identification. In fact I think charts provide very little edge although everyone needs a way to pick a trade. You know, ours happens to be charts because it's what happens after you put on a trade. It it's that data that produces the ability to say that we can have consistent records for now. We've come to the point, Richard, where now a big draw down for us is 4%. Uh is we want to keep our worst our worst draw down during the course of the year to no longer than 3% 3 to 4%. And and so that's our focus. Your focus is risk management, risk management, risk management, uh sizing, sizing, sizing, how to take profits, and then we just let rate of return becomes a resultant. It's not something we're conscious of anymore. &gt;&gt; So the result of that research that you did was to just was it cut size overall, cut how much you're risking per trade because of sequence of returns and all these different scenarios. What were kind of the key takeaways from all that research that maybe people watching this could apply as well to their own trading? &gt;&gt; Well, what we discovered uh and it goes back to Cretto is we are able to go back into past years and and I I have I have the data of every trade I've made by trade, by size, by dates going back to 2014. Prior to that, we had to go back and we had to look through our monthly statements and pick out good trades. But we had pick out let's say we knew what we made from 1981 through uh through 2014. And so it was a question of saying let's go in and try to find out our PNS's uh trades that give us that give us 80% of that figure. &gt;&gt; And we did that and then we did standard sampling of those trades. We're really asking the question what was was there anything different about those trades? Was there anything unique about those trades that didn't exist in other trades? And there was in fact, is those were trades that tended to go not just the day we put them on, but the hour we put them on. &gt;&gt; Wow. &gt;&gt; They were trades that we got in and never look back. Some trades would have little resets. They'd have two to three days of drifting sideways, maybe a week. &gt;&gt; Uh they'd go up a bit, a little bit, and after two weeks, they'd come back down and and and test our entry point. But even that was rare. They generally were trades that we define as type one breakouts. That is a trade that breaks out and the close on the day it breaks out is pretty much the the lowest close from there on forward. Um yeah, and you can go through and and find any chart you want to look at. If you're a chartist, go and take a look at NASDAQ, take a look at at at S&amp;Ps, take a look at sugar, gold, whatever, and try to find some classical chart patterns, and and you will see that the trades that really put in the money were trades that broke out of classical chart patterns and just never looked back. Uh and and that's really what we want to try to do is we we we're committed to try to find and be involved with what ends up at the end of the year to be the best two or three chart patterns for every market that we trade. And we actively trade 48 and you know and that's all over. We'll trade weed in Paris and weed in Chicago and ironor and Singapore and so forth. Uh and and so though there are candidate markets, we're very conscious of the fact that we want a process that is duplicated. You know, we want to know that the trade we put on in sugar this year, we would put on five years from now if the same setup occurred in gold, let's say, right? &gt;&gt; Is we want to become super processoriented, super metricsoriented. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Excellent. And have you found that uh certain classical patterns produce the greatest potential? Not not necessarily win rate, by no means win rate, but potential of the trade. Um so do you have some that you favor because when they come around, those are the ones that are more likely to have those breakouts or patterns that follow through, right? That's what we want, immediate follow through that just go get away from our entry point as quickly as possible. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I I mean there are there there are patterns that that we're biased toward uh by all means. Uh but let me I I'll just point out the patterns that we are that we ignore and actually uh are repelled by and that's patterns with the diagonal boundary line. We do not believe for our trading in channels. We do not believe in trend lines. We do not believe in symmetrical triangles unless they're perfectly formed. Uh, you know, so we are geared toward primarily continuation patterns uh continuation patterns that last somewhere longer than 8 weeks uh shorter than 26 weeks. Uh we we want to see uh congestion areas that have horizontal boundaries. Yep. &gt;&gt; Uh and we would like to find that those horizontal boundaries from top to bottom uh represent uh less than 20% of the assets value. So you know if we're dealing with a stock and I'll just point out a stock price just for example, you know, and it's it's a stock that's consolidating at 100. We really don't want a stock that's developed a chart pattern ranging from 50 to 100. that for us automatically eliminates the pattern from our uh from our candidacy. So we'd like to see these tight patterns even less than 10% from high to low is super pattern last 18 weeks and then bang you have a breakout of of a horizontal boundary. Let's say it's an ascending triangle or a rectangle or continuation head and shoulders. We love continuation head and shoulders. We love head and shoulder failures. Uh and and so all of a sudden you break out with a widebody bar &gt;&gt; and uh you break out by the by the margin that we looked at. We use a standard percentage of ATR to determine after we do that. We do not use ATR link stops, but we do use ATR to determine what point we will get into a trade. We do not want to have a stop just a tick or two above an old high. You know, we want to see a market actually clear if price flies by by a a large enough margin that we have a comfort level to say that this is a breakout. And you know, we just know that, you know, only one out of every seven or eight trades are really going to be a trade that at the end of the trade we say, hey, we liked it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; That this is what we wanted. But, you know, we have to go through seven out of eight trades that aren't there. Richard. &gt;&gt; Yep. And then that's the frustration that a lot of new traders have is it's, you know, it's the seven out of eight. They get down on themselves. And, you know, based on random probability theory, you can have seven out of eight traders trades not give you what you want and then you have maybe one trade that gives you what you want, then you go back into seven trades that didn't. A lot of weird things when you put real large numbers into Monte Carlo simulators, a lot of really weird things can happen that you don't expect to happen. Uh especially if you go into you know two standard deviation events. Uh and and so you know that's what we look for. Uh we really a trade is nothing but a datam point in a series of data points subject to random probability. So, we don't want to get tied up in a trade. We we don't want to get long gold and then have a narrative dealing with the the government debt and fiat currencies. You know, we want to be in a trade based on price action, based on price discovery. Stay in a trade based on price discovery. I I do not watch news. I do not read newspapers. side. Do not go to any website such as New York Times or whatever to find out what's going on. My, as a matter of fact, my son called me the day that the that that the space people came back from Mars to ask me if I was watching the touchdown and my comment was the touchdown of what? Because I wasn't aware that we sent people back to Mars bec because I I I just don't follow I don't want to be biased by news. I want to be able to look at a chart and not have some narrative. But let me speak to narrative for instance because I do have narrative. I'm a beesian. As a beesian, what I want for any given market at any given time is both a super bearish and a super bullish narrative that I carry in my head. It could be based on charts. It could be based on what I might think is going on in a larger global macro uh world. Uh, but I want the flexibility. I I don't want to become bought into a narrative. One of the worst things that can happen to a trader is they get locked into a narrative because it it keeps them on the wrong side of a market for a long period of time where they still think the narrative is going to work. So, I don't want to have a narrative. I don't want to really have a bias on a market. I want to I want to deal in position and if I have a strong opinion, I want it weakly held. Perfect. And I want to touch on something uh you mentioned a little bit ago about how actually failed setups, failed patterns can make the best setups. I think you said a failed head and shoulder. Uh why why do you think that is and maybe share a little bit more about you know what you look for in a in a failed chart pattern that turns it into a great setup. Well, I mean a fail pattern is keep in mind that these patterns you you can do computer programs where they just select numbers and they spit out numbers and they form chart patterns and you can look at enough chart patterns that have been randomly formed by by numbers and you'll see every pattern that I trade that they'll form. And so the reality is that you cannot look at a chart and say this is going to predict price. But you you look at a chart not in terms of certainties, not in terms of probabilities. Even though we keep probability numbers, but in terms of possibilities that here is a pattern that is a possibility. This could be a possibility, a possible ascending triangle or possible head and shoulders. And so you go into it on that basis. Now what happens sometimes is when they become a real pattern there's engineering that takes place by the whales and the whales may see uh a a head and shoulders top on a pattern and actually the whales are bullishly biased and so they will just instinctively each of them operating may not they might not know each other there may be whales from different parts of the world they're not in communication but they think alike because they have discovered really what's driving the market. So, it's really driving the market. They've figured out that there it's a rare group. It's it kind of brings you back to uh Michael Lewis's book about uh about the mortgage crash where you had a group of four people that actually figured out why markets are going to do what they're going to do. And and so what they'll do is they'll let a head and shoulders top fail. It'll get a breakout. It'll get everybody sucked in. It'll get everybody negative. Then it becomes a bear trap and the door gets slammed and and all of a sudden they they will create situations on a chart which tend to lead retail traders to the wrong conclusion. And now that doesn't mean that there may not be situations where retail traders plus whales are both on the right side of the market. But you know it it's something that I look at in terms of I'm not interested in sentiment numbers. I interested in in coot numbers where for instance you had at the top of the gold market that the small speck had never been larger gold futures major longs in gold futures. They were the big long and gold futures. You know that's not a recipe for continuation of a bull market. And so uh and there are cases where even the commercials and I tend to want to trade in the direction of commercials. There are times when commercials are on the wrong side of the market and uh they end up feeding the market. That that often happens with in gold for instance where commercials are on the wrong side of the market. But generally speaking so you know I'm looking at coot when I see these patterns to get a feel for you know what people are thinking. Um, you know, I don't like patterns for that break out on news. So, we tend to say, "Wow, we see a pattern in the treasuries and all of a sudden it's Fed day and the Fed announcement comes out and one of the Treasury something in the yield curve breaks out of a pattern. We tend to go, no, we're we're we're not going with that one. We'll let the market trade normally for two to three days and see see what happens." And uh so you know we try to combine some of these other things in terms of who is doing what and why and what does that mean to us and and should we really take it seriously and and those are the kind of things we really like to know hey we are in a possible type one breakout because that gives us that gives us really control of what we feel where a market's going to go. &gt;&gt; Perfect. And I want to shift gears a little bit to more position management because obviously entries and setups, they can give you asymmetric possibilities, right? But it's it's what you do after the entry that really determines how how effective that trade is going to be. So maybe walk us through high level how how should traders be thinking about position management uh regarding you know riding that trend for as as long as it's relevant for their style. you know, uh, direction does come from weekly charts and so you most normally we're saying here the weekly setup, here's where we think the market could go if if it breaks out and but at that point we don't have riskreward yet. You know, we won't have riskreward till we're in the trade. And so every day we may be adjusting our size because we're anticipating when we put that order in or change that order that night to let's say buy stop um 20 sugar let's say at a certain price. At the same time we put in an attached contingency order so that when that buy stop is executed our sell stop automatically goes in. Most brokers offer the the ability to use these contingency orders. With IBKR, it's called a whatif order. Uh it it it's what if the buy stop gets filled. Now you can put in a sell stop that doesn't become active until the buy stop is hit. And and and so but what happens is as the market drifts toward a breakout, sometimes you will find that you form a little pattern that becomes a launching pattern toward the tail end of a larger pattern. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; That's where you get a real riskreward. uh asymmetry is because in effect you can do the sizing of that smaller pattern while you're trading uh the the profit potential of the larger pattern. And so it may be for us that we do we get to double the size of that trade uh that that is not there and and so that's a unique opportunity. Now what we do and I've heard arguments by everybody for doing it, not doing it. We take money off the table. Once we go in, we do not pyramid Richard. We are not pyramiders. We do not believe in pyramiding. When we go in, we go in with every with our largest position at that point. We'll never have a larger position than when we first enter a market. And if if we get uh a market up to somewhere around 70% of what we think is the target, especially if we've had a type two retest, uh we will we will book we will book some money. We'll take profits off the table sometimes on as much as half of our size. Uh yeah, I've heard people say, "Well, you know what? What if this is one of them that's run?" It it's just all of our numbers that we that we rely on to tell us that we have an edge are based on that approach. And it's impossible to go through every little component of our trading and and optimize rules. You cannot optimize a rule. The rules cannot be optimized. Moving average cannot be optimized. RSI cannot be optimized because you're going to optimize this year and next year is going to be different. And so we just believe that it gives us greater holding power on the other half. That if we can take profits on half of our trade and book it, then we can say on the other half. Now this gives us an ability to let's say ride a trade using a moving average. And in that case, we'll use an 8 day moving average is we we will ride then half and the half for an 8 day moving average and maybe then the other half of the half to see if a market can really extend. Um and so it's just we're a believer in taking profits. We're a believer in trying to wait for profits, but we're a believer in taking profits. Um so that's kind of our strategy on that. And is it a close below the 8 day or the relevant moving average? Is that where you're waiting for to exit the position? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we'd like to see a full bar below the eight and then follow through from that day. That's the full bar below the eight. &gt;&gt; Nice. &gt;&gt; You know, just simply a close below the eight. preferably light. We'd like to see the eight roller, &gt;&gt; you know, especially if it can roll over in a congestion area that that really hasn't done any damage to the chart, but you end up getting a four, five day congestion area. Uh it's it's what we had for instance in in in the uh in the IBEX in in the Euro stocks bank index. we we drifted sideways. And so you drift sideways and then then for sure if you roll down through the eight, you know, we're going to want to get out of half. Uh so, you know, if and if that happens before we reach 70% profits, you know, then we make a decision that are we going to book half for less than we really wanted to just to put money in the bank or are we going to keep that half? And that sometimes becomes a discretionary decision. &gt;&gt; In in addition to those rules about uh breaking MAS and and achieving targets, do you have any timebased rules for profit taking um or or maybe like your initial entry if it doesn't push by X amount uh you know over the next week? Do you have your initial position? Because like you said, the best trades just go. So that's a little bit of an expectation breaker when it doesn't go right away. Uh just just to hear your thoughts on that. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean there I could get into percentages some percentages for instance that that the chances of a certain pattern I'll say I'll say a symmetrical triangle. the chances of a symmetrical triangle when it when it doesn't go and it stalls and then a week or two later it comes back and it it it retests the upper boundary of a symmetrical triangle line. There's only a 13% chance that that market will go to the 70% of the profit target. So why why deal with it? They're frustrating. Those trades are frustrating. They wear you down. Yep. &gt;&gt; They affect your disposition where my attitude is if I know that this is a trade that's not going to have a high probability of becoming one of my Pareto trades, why in the heck am I holding it, right? &gt;&gt; And and so at least move stops to break even and if the market takes me out, it takes me out. But but timewise, we think in terms of price, not so much time. I I mean, on average, we're out of a losing trade within a week. uh our profitable trades might last a week if a if a market just breaks out and and just just goes and just uh you it's a lightning trade. As a matter of fact, some of your stock guys may be aware our our single most profitable trade this year for the company was in the stock. Uh and the stock was ARM. Uh was a trade that broke out. It it we got a position on it went into a was a type one breakout didn't retest then it formed a slight sizeways congestion nice little rectangle or Darvis box broke out again and within two three days you know it's trading at a 2x target uh so you have those but you know in some winning trades particularly like maybe in treasuries uh you know we may have a trade that lasts two three months three months is usually average trade I'd say what profitable trade we hold for two weeks. &gt;&gt; Was that ARM trade in May May of this year? Is that is that the time frame you were looking at? &gt;&gt; Yeah, we entered ARM on um on April 22nd. &gt;&gt; April 22nd. Yep. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And we added to uh ARM on May 20th. &gt;&gt; Nice. So, you you bought the initial breakout to all-time high, it pushed up, consolidated, set up another base, and then broke out again. Yeah, that that that's been a great mover this year. Um, I mean, we're out. We, you know, we didn't we we pretty much got out before it topped. We sold on the way up. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Because, you know, we'll take profits on a 2x target. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Um, you know, 2x target happens in four or five days. I'm not going to sit around and say, "Well, I think we're going to hold it forever." &gt;&gt; Yep. You know, it's it's it's thank you. Thank you, ma'am. We're gone. &gt;&gt; Yep. Excellent. And I wanted to hear your perspective. Um, thinking about position management, what do you think are some of the top mistakes or misunderstandings newer traders make about position management and how you can get the best result out of a trade that you put on? The era that I see my community and I I have a little community of traders I share stuff with uh is they'll buy a breakout or worse than that they anticipate a breakout. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; They they see a pattern and they think okay this is going up and they get in and usually they get in on strength within a trading range. buy in a two, three day rally within a trading range that hasn't broke out yet. You know what often happens to that is they get stopped out, then they try it again, then they try it again. By the time the real breakout comes, they're worn out and they miss it. And and so if you're going to if you're going to trade a trading range, buy the bottom of it. If if you're so inclined that you like you you you like buying weakness, you know, buy the bottom of a trading range. Uh then then they can always buy the breakout, too. Uh but um yeah, it's doing that. Or they buy the breakout and and then they get a profit of a day or two and they think, "Oh my goodness, I don't want to lose this profit. I've just been wrong eight straight times." So that they immediately move the their stopped to break even, which by the way is a price above the boundary line. So it doesn't even allow for a retest and they get stopped out. Then the market fiddles for a couple days and then it makes a new high. They buy another new high. They realize, oh my goodness, I already lost money and now I got a little profit. Now I got to protect that. And you know, and so they become they become a bull in a market does nothing go up and they end up and they look back at the end of the trade and go, "How did that happen? I lost money." Uh they lose money being right in a bull market because they mismanage their positions, you know, or they add, they pyramid. Pyramiding is a terrible idea in my opinion because it on the long side it increases the the average price of your entry and it makes you more vulnerable to setbacks. Uh and so I mean there are same people who do buy setbacks you know um and and that's their approach and it works for them. It's the approach that they own becomes their approach. it becomes who they are and and I think that's the important thing is you the trader has to figure out who who they are as a trader what rules as a trader really represents how they think and how they work and how their mind works that's why it takes that five years to to to get there so that's the mistake they make or they get out after it runs they get a good week on it they get out then they wait a day or two and it keeps going and they jump back in, you know, then they get it stopped out of that. Uh, and so they don't really take advantage of the magnitude of a move in which they were right in anticipating uh or or they get stubborn. They get a narrative, you know, oh my goodness, I gota, you know, the only way to be in gold is long. I got to be long. I got to be long. I I mean, and so they get that bias or they overtrade. I mean, most people overtrade. I I every once in a while I'll put out on Jed general Twitter, what's the maximum amount of your capital that you risk on a trade? That the the answers that come back are insane. A lot of them are coming back and saying, you know, two ten of a percent, a third of a percent, but you got a lot of people coming out going 5%, 10%, 15%. They're destined for a blowout. Yeah, you know the idea is if you have a three in a thousand chances of making it as a trader, what you got to do is you have to rearrange the odds. You have to say how do how do I convert those odds from 30 to a,000 to 10 to a,000? Then h how do I convert them to 20 to a,000? How do I get to 10 and a thousand? And and and you do that by staying alive. You figure out things by staying alive that you need to do. I can't emphasize the importance enough that you you learn to be a loser. The first three to five years should be learn you become a really good loser. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Not a big loser, but a really good little loser. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Because then you can be in a position to all of a sudden become really stack the odds in your favor. is if you avoid those big mistakes. Um you and I I would just say learn the data, become really familiar with metrics, keep really you know you look at businesses, somebody owns a McDonald's franchise, somebody that owns a franchise for this or that or another thing, they've got business performance data. Yeah. &gt;&gt; All over the map. They keep track of their business. Yet people come in and they put 20% of their net worth into an account and they don't keep track of their results and you know I ask somebody what's your profit factor? What's that? You know what what's what's your sortino? Well, I know my sharp. Well, big deal. Sharp and and win rate are useless. Actually, they're negative. That they're they're worthless. They're not just good. They're worthless. Um, and but they know they're sharp, but they don't know their profit factor. They don't know their Kelmar. Uh, they, you know, they don't know their expected value. And and it's only by trading the exact same way for at least a year, preferably two years, where you can get a 100, 200, 300 data points where now you can put it into a Monte Carlo simulator and find out the kind of range of performance NAV graphs that you might get. Uh and you get an idea of where you are and then you develop the confidence in your metrics. You don't develop contra confidence in the way you trade. You develop confidence in the metrics that are produced by the way you trade. And and and when someone asks you, well, why did you take profits at 70%. Because I don't know what my metrics would be if I didn't take profits at 70%. Why would I add a variable into something that I know are are pretty fixed numbers for me? There's no sense in adding a variable. Um, so I know that's how I feel about that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And to touch on what you said about the most common mistakes, a lot of them seem to have to do with random actions, taking random making random decisions, not based on rules, but based on feelings and emotions. And that's what rules are there to help as a guide. So you become more systematic, become more uniform your decisions. So then your data points are actually relevant, right? So that's that's a big step. &gt;&gt; Yeah. You know, Richard, the trade the trades that somehow I really feel the most comfortable with, they're easy to pull a trigger on, right? I mean, it's just it's easy. It's all just not a problem with this trade. They generally have the worst performance. And sometimes some of those markets that I really had no expectation for, ARM was an example. I had no expectations other than uh uh somebody sent me their chart and I go gully I I I need to trade this. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Uh because I don't scroll stocks. I I have no idea what's happening in the stock market. If somebody doesn't send me a chart and I drool over it. &gt;&gt; Um you know, I had no expectation. I didn't know anything about the comp. I still don't know. I don't know what the company does. Um you know, I know the symbol. I traded the symbol. Um and so uh yeah so they they surprise you. You know LA last year Euro stocks by the URX exchange uh in Europe I I have not ever traded Euro stocks bank futures index in my life last year. It was a really profitable trade for us. We we hit we hit it three or four times for good profits. I'm I'm not sure in the future I'll ever trade that futures market again. I mean, I might I'm going to definitely keep the chart on it, but I you know, those were to that was a totally unexpected gain for me last year. I would have never guessed I'm well, I'm going to make money this year. And I I think the same thing with silver or gold. It'd be interesting to think I'm going to make a lot of money in silver in the next two years, but I I don't know that. I I I don't know that for sure. And so, you know, it's it it's holding back on expectations. Hold expectations really light. Don't don't hold them. don't squeeze them uh because they'll disappoint because when you start holding expectations you end up with a bias in a market and a bias in the market is the worst thing that that that can happen. Uh I I know for a fact that there are people that that really time the top of silver in January really really good but they couldn't stay away from the market. They made so much money they just had to get back in. And so they've done nothing but try the silver market from the long side every time it's shown strength since the January top and they've given back half their profits where you know if they just wait for the market to tell them uh they wouldn't have been had a trade in silver since they got out in January. So it's just it's it's not having a bias. Stay away from China have a bias on the market. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Excellent. And a follow-up question on on uh keeping data uh because you you keep all of that the that data as much as you can. Um have you leveraged AI to kind of get an outside perspective on your numbers or um just kind of think about things in a different way or to kind of understand yourself as a trader a little bit more with that outside perspective? I'd be curious to hear that if if you've attempted that in any way. &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. I I mean, we've had AI analyze our data, you know, and that's yearbyear, as well as uh trade by trade going back to 2014, as well as monthly uh monthly rates of return going back to, you know, October of 1981 when when we founded the company. And um the AI gives us insightful, you know, it gives us insight. It it it reinforces our confidence, right? I mean, &gt;&gt; right, &gt;&gt; you know, a couple years ago, I was wrong. 19 out of 21 trades I put on were wrong. &gt;&gt; And I know that that would discourage a lot of people and they would be saying, "What do I change? I'm doing something wrong. What can I change? I need to adopt another method." I just felt like, "Yeah, yeah, that's whatever." I mean, it happens. And you know, the next 10 trades put me in a new all-time forever record highs, you know. So, we keep an NAV chart that goes back to 1981. Now, yeah, during that period, our assets were different. And so, but the only way we can really track, you can't track it based on dollars made. You have to have a better way to track that that standardizes. And so, we use an NIV curve. And our thought is that we never want to be more than one or two trades away from a new all-time historic company NAV high. &gt;&gt; You know, two trades. Uh don't want to be any more than two 300 basis points away uh from a new all-time high. The other thing I'm just going to mention that I think people need to know is you see people on Twitter that said made 140% made a 7x on this trade. And if you look closely what they're doing is they're reporting the percentage gain on an options price they paid. And that's not the way you report performance. People need to perform report every performance number they have against their total capital against their total nominal capital. You don't express the results of a trade against the margin against cost of the stock against the cost of the option. You measure the results of every trade against your total nominal capital. That's the correct way. And so I think if people are looking for people to follow and they see somebody reporting these 1,174% in two weeks numbers, they know who not to follow because there's somebody that doesn't even know how to express the results of a trade. So that that's a word I would tell your folks is standardize everything. Standardize NAV, standardize how you express results, standardize your processes. Um, you know, my day looks exactly the like if I I am going to try to retire. I'm on the road to retirement. There there actually is a retirement plan that takes me out. Uh, I won't say the date, but if I wasn't going to retire, give me a Friday date four years from now, and I'll tell you what I'll be doing at 2 in the afternoon because I It's process process. The edge does not come from trade entry. Trade entry does not give you an edge. Your setup does not give you an edge. You may think it does. You may be sure it does, but I'll tell you it doesn't. Your edge comes from risk management, from trade management. It comes from emotional management. A large portion comes from emotional management. It's why I tell people, don't be a day trader because it'll force your emotions to play. You know, become an overnight trader and turn your screens off during the day. Take your emotions out of the equation and you'll do better off. You know, you got to manage process. You got to manage how you review uh and do analysis to try to discover what's happening that that I actually do need to change. it comes from the whole composite uh of what you do and I think it's really hard to attribute a percentage of edge but I think the percentage is largest in a provision to let profits grow uh in a in the process and in how you handle emotions. That's where the largest contributions to edge comes from. &gt;&gt; Perfect. Uh Peter, always always great talking with you. We've got two last questions for you. Uh first, um how much has kind of um or or what what kind of outside things outside of trading have has helped you perform over decades? I know you're uh you're into cycling and and exercise. So, I'd love to hear your thoughts on like um things outside of trading that we can do to set this up for success again, not just for one year, but over an extended period over decades. I think that'd be great to hear. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. I mean, one of the big things, Richard, is what's your motivation to trade? Mine was just to have a job, you know, I want to be as excellent as I can in every aspect of my job is seeking excellence. I I seek excellence, not performance. I, you know, I want to measure myself by what I think excellent is in what I do. I'll let the profits take care of themselves. I do not live to trade. guys that trade crypto all day long. They're up at night. They're living their their life is about their trading. That's a really bad place to be. You know, I I want to keep trading separate from my private life. And so for me, it's, you know, it's by Christian faith. It's by relationship with my family. It's I'm I've been married 58 years to a girl I started dating when she was 16. you know, it's uh it's my kids, it's my grandparents. Now, I've lost last summer, I lost the ability to walk, and so I I my my physical ability has been greatly impaired in the last year. Uh but I still do swim, you know, I I swim a third to a half a mile, uh three, four days a week. You know, I do stretching at stretching class because it helps my mobility. I I'm I'm able to get out, play three games of pickle ball. I'm not sure that the the the verb play is the correct verb to use. To hobble through, I think is probably the better. And I and the lovely people are patient enough that they're willing to play with me. Uh but you know, it's doing those things that uh are are away from the market. I might spend in composite screen time, order entry time, research time. uh you you know I may spend I know five hours a day on the markets but I don't like spending much more than that you know on Thursday and Friday when I'm just cranked down that's just I I I just can't wait to be done because I you know I go underwater and I stay underwater for basically 18 hours with four hours sleep in there and you know and then but that's my work I'm done working you know I'm done working by Saturday morning for the next week Um and and just friends, having friends, you know, being social with people. I um yeah, so I want to always keep trading lightly held. &gt;&gt; I I again I I'm I don't attribute my success trading to my intelligence uh to my hard work. Um I I think there's luck involved. I think that I ended up having come in to the markets in a time when there were wonderful, wonderful, wonderful mentors. I mean, Richard, the board of trade in 1975 had as members a number of guys that fought on Omaha Beach. They fought at Guad Canal. You know, these are guys that understood danger. They understood risk. &gt;&gt; They understood life, how how precious life is. And they were generous. I had some mentors who were generous. I wouldn't have made it without the mentors I had. And I happened to come in at a time when markets were just fabulous. 1982 we saw the bottom of a bond futures market. They had been in a bare market forever. We saw a bottom that still exists. Uh gold, we saw big bottoms, you know. So I was lucky enough to participate in in timing. the time my timing of entering the markets was such that I might not have made it if the timing didn't been different if I hadn't discovered a chart book. And so I I kind of in some ways feel like I was chosen. And I hate to make that sound like, oh, I was privileged because I was chosen. But by that I mean it was this sovereign fate. It is sovereign fate. had it be that uh Peter Brandt and who he was happened to decide he was going to trade futures and and a lot of things came together for me that I didn't engineer. They weren't of my own work. They weren't my own thinking. But I look back and I realize how crucial certain things were. Uh that that fell in the line that allowed me to be able to make my living and build my wealth by simply speculating in commodity futures market. People tell me really what do you do? I basically say I gamble. I mean I do. It's basically I'm a gamble. And part of that is there no social benefit to that. I'm not like a doctor, not like an emergency age worker, you know. I like somebody that helps you on a help desk at Apple computer when you have problems with with your Mac. You know, they actually provide social benefit. I provide no social benefit. I'm simply liquidity in a in in a gambling pit. And and so I think for traders, they have to find something that's worthy to do. Uh what can they do outside of trading that actually provides benefit to people? A food shelf. uh uh a shelter a shelter for the homeless uh something like that helping kids at a Shriner's hospital. But I I think it's important for traders to find something to do because their job does not provide any social benefit. The fact that they may be providing liquidity means nothing. That's not a social benefit. &gt;&gt; I I push back on on that. you provide uh you know no no social benefit because your teaching has helped a lot of people just like your mentors helped you you know you're helping others through your teaching so that that's an immense social benefit um and Peter really always a pleasure speaking with you do you have any last kind of um words uh to leave everybody with today or you know if if a trader watching this earlier in their trading uh if you want to pass on one you know complete message you know if they if you want them to have one takeaway from today what would you say to really focus on &gt;&gt; uh I I would say they should not trade it. Yeah. My thank you for what you said about benefit to help people. &gt;&gt; The biggest pride of my career quite frankly uh there were two one that I was selected to be a commodity corp trader. Uh I mean we're dealing with Paul Truder Joe and his Bruce Ker you know that that was that was an honor. The other honor is there are now five other market wizards that cite me in their interview as the source of their knowledge about risk management. That that's actually the thing I take more pride in than anything else is that out of my education has now come five market wizards guys that that have achieved greatness on their own. That is super cool. I would say read every Mark wizards book. Uh read market wizards books. I wouldn't buy the how-to books. Don't buy these how-to books on trades. They they don't mean anything. Then has a good book on sizing uh that you probably should buy. Uh but how you use a momentum oscillator, you know how you do that. Of all the times I've gotten together with market wizards, Richard, the thing I've never heard is is what what RSI lines do you use? Do you use moving averages? Uh, you know, are you do you day trade? Those things are not discussed because those things quite frankly are not important. Excellent. Well, Peter, seriously, thank you so much for for taking your time to speak with us today. I I you know, I I'm looking forward to watching this back and taking even more notes, but uh Peter, thank you so much. appreciate you sharing your wisdom. And to everybody watching, I hope you guys enjoyed as well. Uh, leave a like down below if you did. Subscribe if you're new to the channel. Uh, Peter, thanks again. And, uh, we'll be right back. Take care, everybody. &gt;&gt; Thanks, Richard.