[00:00] Hey guys, it is September 9th, 2026 here
[00:03] with your nightly watch list video. There's a couple names um that I'll continue to watch. Intel, AMD, um you know, those have made really, really nice moves up over the last handful of days. So, I want to make sure that I at least have a close eye on them. But we do have CPI, we have PPI
[00:20] for the remainder of the week. That'll obviously I I think tip the scales into whether or not um the Feds will raise interest rates. I still kind of lean to the side of they will not be raising interest rates, but I do want to be
[00:36] prepared um because a lot of names have gotten washed out a bunch. You can go through all of your S&P 500 sectors and kind of start to get the sense that things have gotten washed out quite a bit. um can that lead to a bit of a at
[00:53] least an oversold rally within those groups does that help lift the market or you know if we're looking at kind of the broadening out trade with the RSP are we kind of you know and the equal weight are we thinking to ourselves the market's going to go on a longer um
[01:10] prolong draw down in particular in things not in the AI trade and I say that because it is the AI trade at the moment in particular some semiconductors which have bounced back nicely that seem to be carrying the torch at the moment.
[01:26] Again, it's very selective out here. There's not a ton. It's your Dell, it's your HPE, it's your AMD, it's Intel. Um, and and you know the the memory names, it's light, it's some again photonix, semiconductors,
[01:43] memories, and that's great. But then you kind of look at healthc care and you look and it's energy too, right? But the energy names uh quite extended. So there's not a lot to do there um kind of as it stands. But I want to be aware
[01:58] that things have gotten so washed out that maybe there's the opportunity for things to snap back um fairly violently and for the most part it's going to come from some of these pullback areas. Um so I at least want to be prepared for that. And I and I for instance, I don't think
[02:15] um crypto or Ethereum look bad. Some of those groups have just been consolidating. So starting off here with uh Robin Hood, I want to be aware. We'll see what this thing does into the 10 simple moving average, maybe even a little bit deeper all the way down to
[02:31] 107 and the 20 simple moving average. We'll see what that does going into the remainder of the week. Um I I don't necessarily think that you know this chart is done by any means but it is in the middle of a pullback and if you look
[02:47] at circle as well not much of a bid to speak of. Uh IBIT again just continues to digest here not a big deal so long as we remain above the 200 SMA. Intel I'm watching this thing as well. I'd like to see this thing build out just a couple
[03:04] more days and then ultimately taking out this 10670 spot in just a matter of a few days. Um I do think that Micron could go um right almost from here. I I know the 50-day is still kind of sloping down. So maybe there's a chance, you know, if the
[03:21] market starts to continue to come under pressure, it's probably going to come under pressure because of those mags and some of these semiconductors are slipping. But uh taking out that 1040 spot really it's uh 1041 1042 roughly today's highs
[03:37] 104240 taking out that spot and then hopefully some continuation back up to highs net I have to have this thing on the radar really really nice push today I'm hopeful for a bit of an inside day tomorrow and then some continuation on
[03:52] Friday again software names coming under pressure so not too much of a surprise that NOW is kind of following uh that course of action. There's a potential unfilled gap right at uh 12580. So I'll
[04:08] be watching this thing to see if we can get down there and then paying attention to service now um after having reclaimed the 200 day octa. Love what this thing is doing. I mean almost today again closed 17291 and then 17274. So over 173
[04:26] good, below 173 not so good. Octa Net about the only two software stocks that are holding in there incredibly well or even had um a worthwhile day today. Again, HPE is another one. Uh just a little bit um extended here. If you took
[04:43] it back through the 20 simple moving average, great. And then you got rewarded, really nice day, too. If you did not, then again, selective market. If you took this, great. If you didn't, then maybe not so much to do. A palunteer intraday trying to bounce off
[04:58] of a support gap area. We'll see what this thing does tomorrow. Take out today's highs 172. Yes, I know it's in a sideways range, but potentially a higher low. Would need to get going over 172 um to get me interested in any way,
[05:15] shape, or form. And then SanDisk, another memory stock. Do we just take a little bit of a pause here or start to take out that 1807 1807 level and then make our way back up towards the highs? We'll see how that one plays out. Again, um PPI, CPI on tap for the remainder of
[05:31] the week. Short and sweet. Um there are obviously names like SMTC that will continue to remain on the radar. Uh TSM's another that will stay on the radar. ASML as well on the radar. TER
[05:47] ALAB again look through your semiconductors pretty dang nice action again even TER closing back above your 50-day so one of your better groups but just because something rallies four days in a row well again um you know you rally four days in a row and it looks
[06:03] great right you're back above the 50 and then you just get absolutely hammered which is why you do not want to be chasing after three and four up days in a row you want to be buying something nice and tight against the 200 day. I have no problem with that. You want to start chasing the third and the fourth
[06:20] and the fifth up day in a row. That's what could happen. So, um don't chase price ever. That's probably my my my single best advice. Um that's what'll help you kind of keep your losses um
[06:35] small when you do have them and you have them often. You got to keep your losses teenytiny and then let let your winners work when you get yourself into them. So again, fairly short list. I I don't see there being a ton to do. Obviously, action in this market, it's um it's it's
[06:52] very very narrow breath. I talked about it in the recap video. Every group in the S&P 500, even the XLK finished flat. Um look through and your XLE was your only group in the green. Every other
[07:07] group in the S&P 500 red. So not very good. Um, and then you look at your equal weight, right? Not very good. So, you know, do we have to own the dead low on anything? No. No, we don't. How bad
[07:23] can it get? I have no idea. What's important to remember is you've been above your 50-day since April, and now you just lost your 50-day in September. So, for five months, basically, you were above your 50-day. And then you g you regain it on the ETH,
[07:40] and then you lose it on the ETH. So effectively five full months above your 50 simple moving average and then you lose it. For all we know, it could be five full months below the 50 simple moving average with poor breath. Um the broadening out trade not broadening out
[07:55] anymore. So just kind of bear that in mind and we'll see kind of where the market takes us from here. So one day at a time PPI, CPI this upcoming week and we'll see where we go from there. I'll see you guys on the desk bright and early tomorrow morning. Cheers.
