[0:00:00] and such tight logical stops. Well, this is the kind of thing I got no problem buying 20% all at once just because it's a liquid name and a leading group. It's showing the strength, you know, that whole sort of thing going on with an incredible amount of support below. So, that is really my all-time favorite. So, when I'm seeing a launch pad with all the moving averages turning up and the declining tops line that's breaking, right, we're finally pushing through that long-term downtrend. It's our our first potential chance. You are buying through the 58057 sell stop at the prior consolidation pivot. Look how tight that is. $7 sell stop on almost a $600 stop, right? You're you're risking almost nothing to buy on strength here still. I don't care that it's a low handle because as we discussed before, we're seeing the tight action. We're starting to see accumulation in the right place. The group is moving. We've got the launch pad going high relative strength. So on and so forth. First, put back to the 50-day on a big leader in an early stage base is almost always a buy. If I see a group that's working in a stock
[0:01:00] setup and it's within the first five minutes of the day, I don't care. I'm just taking that trade and I'm following my rules. This is still accumulation to me, right? You got a hammer candle even though it's pink. Let's say this day was down 2% and volume was heavier. It's not the case. Still accumulation. In fact, if volume was heavier, it's even bigger accumulation. Just because it's pink, it is not distribution. If you can't manage risk on the way in, you're gambling. tight logical sell stops ideally between two to 5% never ever ever ever more than 8% here semiconductor stock has had a heck of a move and you can see we've got the moving averages crossing to the upside here so we've got a launch pad happening I can't stress enough it's all about managing risk tight logical sell stop nothing else really matters okay so welcome everybody to the second webinar of the 2026 grow stock trading workshop with Ross Haber. Uh this is an awesome resource that we're building. Um we are covering kind of the key aspects of the CanSLIM growth stock trading
[0:02:00] system and each webinar is focusing on one aspect. Uh and Ross if you go to the next slide. In the previous webinar we covered the foundations and kind of the screening process how to find market leaders. Today is taking that next step and discussing can slim entry setups, entry tactics and very importantly risk management. Uh so this is probably uh the most important webinar in here especially the riskmanagement aspect and Ross will be sharing kind of his updated thoughts on all of that uh which will be excellent. Um and uh you know next webinar is going to be on October 4th. Um and it's equally important I would say market analysis and knowing when to trade, when not to trade, when to step on the gas, when to you know pump the brakes. That's probably the biggest thing that separates unprofitable traders from profitable traders. And that's kind of having you know helped teach thousands of traders that's just that pattern recognition. This key step of market analysis uh which will be the next webinar is going to be very crucial
[0:03:00] for a lot of you guys to take that next step in your trading. Then uh the next webinar after that webinar four will be on position management and sell rules of market leaders. And then the last one we're going to discuss how to kind of improve as a trader over time by studying market leaders and building model books. Uh so hopefully uh you guys have enjoying the workshop so far. Let me know in the chat what you guys think. Uh but we've got a lot of material still to cover and should be great. And you can scan that QR code if you're not already on the list. If you want to get the invite to all these webinars, definitely scan uh that right there. And Ross, if you go to the next slide, uh here is that QR code just blown up. So excuse me. If you're watching this replay later on, uh just scan that QR code and you'll get access to all these webinars and more. We've got a a bunch of special bonuses in addition. Ross, if you go to the next slide, uh we'll be sending out the workshop slides to everybody on the boot camp list. Uh the ultimate training guide,
[0:04:00] ultimate screening guide, multiple trader line model books. Uh and then this week, what's coming is the sell rules for cancellers guide. And then next week after that will be the buy rules for cancell traders. And then we've got another extra bonus that will be announced today that will be really cool. So again, all you have to do is this completely free. Just make sure you're part of the Trader Line boot camp uh list by scanning that QR code or going to traderline.com/bootcamp. Um all right, so Ross, if you go to the next slide, uh I'll hand it over to you with modern can slim entry setups and tactics. This should be great. &gt;&gt; All right. All right. Thanks, Richard. And uh good morning, good afternoon, evening everyone depending on where you are. Um, I see we got everyone from everywhere today. So, thank you for coming and spending part of your weekend with us. So, and and I think this basically says it all. It goes back to, you know, if you're familiar with Mike Webster's trading rules. I've had them since he made them, I think, in 99. He posts them
[0:05:00] on uh Twitter every once in a while, but you'll see at the very top and the very bottom, it's all about small quick losses, right? And in addition to that it's small small quick losses right that involves tight sell stops. Those sell stops have to be logical and that is really going to be a big um point of you know a the risk management and of this entire work uh webinar in this workshop. So here's our agenda for the day. Um we'll start with me. I'm not going to spend too long. I think, you know, if you don't know who I am, um, you know, very quickly, I've been doing this for about three decades. I started off as a in the retail brokerage business. A client of mine introduced me to the folks over at William O'Neal. I became an instit I started by joining institutional services. Became one of the internal portfolio managers and began teaching the workshops with Bill,
[0:06:00] doing all that sort of stuff. So I had an awesome education there working with Bill building a track record that um again right time right place right people one of the clients from O'Neal uh Fidelity Midcap growth fund manager went out started his own fund and wanted a chart guy with him specifically someone from O'Neal. So, I was lucky enough to be that guy and we uh ran a hedge fund in New York for six years until he retired to be with his kids and family. He was a bit older than me and since then I've been kind of, you know, I get when I say following in Bill O'Neal's footsteps, I I I mean that in the smallest way in so much as I learned from him that he did everything he could to teach everyone how to fish, right? To teach it it's it's just an awesome skill to have no matter what your profession is. If you can, you know, figure out how to manage your own money without having to go find yourself a a random money
[0:07:00] manager, which is, you know, can be a harrowing experience in and of itself considering it's your, you know, your life savings, your retirement. You'd be surprised how much you can pick up and learn and, you know, in a short period of time no longer need to rely on anyone else, which I find to be really nice. So, &gt;&gt; so, so Ross, uh, read reading this, you've got 30 years of mistakes that you've made over time that you can, uh, help share the lessons from. Is that, is that fair to say? &gt;&gt; That is exactly correct. Right. Isn't there a saying? And smart people learn from their own mistakes. The really smart people learn from everyone else's along those lines, right? So, yeah, please learn from my mistakes. I've definitely uh gone through plenty of pain and suffering. I mean, and honestly, I think that's how we all learn our biggest lessons is with mistakes and a little bit of suffering. And this is the other big lesson from big Bill O'Neal. Stay positive. And the difference between him and every other successful person is they maintain a positive attitude and don't let a
[0:08:00] failure get them down. They just keep going and going and going. So, &gt;&gt; and and one more thing about your your bio that applies to today, Ross, is like it was really your experiencing experience managing the hedge fund and that amount of capital that kind of taught you some of the entry tactics that you'll be sharing today, right? Because you had to kind of learn how to manage risk and enter stocks when you weren't able to just kind of market order, you know, at at Yeah, &gt;&gt; thank you. That was a big part. I guess I discussed that in the last workshop and I'm assuming that knowledge. So yes, what happened was I was managing a lot less money for William O'Neal than I was when I started managing that hedge fund. And it got to long story short, Richard's correct, it was the size problem. It became no longer feasible to to buy a can cup and handle breakout at the market with with the size I was trading. So, I needed to de really figure out a way to start accumulating earlier so that by the time if I did want to actually buy that breakout, it was a optional or b my the end of my
[0:09:00] pyramiding if you will. And we'll discuss that when we go into some of the examples below. Um so yeah that that is ultimately and what got me to and you'll see here this is we'll be covering all of these things in the coming slides right so not only how to um you know be confident and independent looking at your own investments you you know by the time with a little bit of work you'd be surprised at how quickly you can start to pick up um many of these things to be quite honest with you I I think you know within a few years just about anyone can wrap their brain around the system and have the basic system and rules done and then from there it's really about experience market cycles making mistakes post analysis going to see what you did right what you did wrong and ultimately creating rules to make the methodology your own and I mean that is uh the
[0:10:00] ultimate goal so here we go right So um what brought me to modern can we just we just discussed right? So rather than waiting for the cup and handle breakout like I stuck strictly to while I was managing money for bill and you know buy trying to buy a stock once it was within 15% really no more than 20 of the high on the left side. Reason being is you wanted to sh Bill will tell you and there's nothing wrong with this that you want to see the stock prove that it's in an uptrend. It pushes through most of the resistance on the left side, right? And then you've got less resistance in the way and that there that is all true. However, I I had always known about Stan Weinstein stage analysis. I had read the book. Um, it just so happened that a friend of mine who also ran a hedge fund took his I didn't know Stan had an
[0:11:00] institutional newsletter and so I saw that I was blown away. I gave him a call um and you know really learned about what he was doing. I became one of I was actually one of his institutional clients when I was running the fund. So I, you know, it kind of boggled my mind a bit because I'm watching standby a lot of what Bill would call junk off the bottom, right? That the hence the reason for waiting till most of the left side had been pushed through. But I'm going to tell you is st there are so many overlaps from market. You know, the trend matters. You know, the difference is Stan will short down trends. I mean that you can decide to do that if you want. That's a whole another discussion. But the mark, if you're going to be buying stocks, markets got to be in an uptrend. You got to be paying attention to rotation. Where is the leadership, right? Um really the only relative strength is important. Stan looked at Mansfield relative strength. But at the end of the day, it all over overlapped to me for the most part except for Stan
[0:12:00] was buying much closer to the bottom of the base, right? Much closer to the lows, lower half of the base, closer to those long-term moving averages. and he his his methodology works extremely well also. So that's where I've come up with stand slim, right? The only it's everything can slim. The only difference being is earlier entry and I kind of just and you'll see between the declining tops line, my consolidation pivots, the launchpad setup, which I've got to give credit to Andre Naid for for those of you who saw my old TML talk. I used to do that talk with his son um Jackson. Nevertheless, he is the one that pointed this out to me. Um, I think Richard and I, um, came across calling it the launchpad setup after I, you know, kind of showed him what I noticed as stocks were setting up and beginning to go that Andre showed me. Um and so and it was
[0:13:00] basically just trial and error and working between my account and honestly then thank goodness it it just worked because you know the fund did really did really well. Um so I I I can't complain and for whatever it's worth many people want to know in 2008 I will tell you this so many people got hurt in 2008. What I like to say is this. I'm smart enough to understand what to look at. In 2008, the market the market was screaming. I have topped go to cash based on nothing but Bill O'Neal's rules and watching the leadership. So, I just want everyone to understand you did not have to be a genius in 2008. You just had to pay attention to what was going on. The market started shaking around after, you know, getting wide and loose and there was not a single leader you could find to buy. Same thing happened in 2000. Essentially the leadership disappears and that is a big
[0:14:00] part of what helps me determine how healthy or unhealthy a market is where you know overall in its cycle. Um so market trend again this is the M and can very important to stand to you got to be trading with this trend for him whether it's up or down. Um, and in the last workshop where we discussed M is the the market or the M and can slim, Bill will tell you it's more than half the ball game. Unless the market is in an uptrend, there's nothing else to do. Nothing else matters. You can find the the best stock on the planet. And if the market's not going up, you're swimming upstream because three out of four stocks are going to follow that general market trend. So that's the very basis of all of it. There's no trades to be had unless the market is in an uptrend. And that's coming in as you see here, our next webinar. Um, and I guess here we've got a Richard, is this the same QR code as &gt;&gt; this is to register for webinar 3. I'll
[0:15:00] drop the link in the chat as well. So, just want to make sure that you guys are able to to register for that. All right, we'll leave that here for five more seconds just in case anyone still needs to scan and uh we'll move on to the next slide. Okay, so the basic setups and we went through these in a a little bit more detail. I um in the prior webinar, this is just the most basic patterns from Bill's How to Make Money in Stocks. So the launchpad is what I've come up with, but the which is honest. It's what evolved from what my buddy Andre showed me is what evolved to this launchpad. This launchpad setup is not it's not a pattern. It's it's a setup. It's something that happens with the moving averages beneath price as a stock is moving up the right side of its base. And so it coincides with a stock as it
[0:16:00] is setting up in terms of price and volume. Right? It's a really a moving average thing and I start to pay attention to the moving averages as they're beginning to move up and converge right into a tight bunch beneath price and then as they expand that right that's the idea and you'll see as we go through on some recent examples I'll where you can look it looks like they're anyway we'll see I've got some great examples of that but otherwise um I'm going to tell you this these are our basic Bill O'Neal how to make money in stocks double bottom cup with handle. Cup without handle is now a big one. Same thing without the handle and a flat base. I'll be honest with you, you know, I don't really care which one of these is forming. The most important thing to me is that I've got constructive price action. What do I mean by constructive? I want to see a stock that's under accumulation. So, I'm looking for signs of accumulation based on, you know, all price price volume
[0:17:00] action. um where it's closing in its ranges, what's volumes doing, is it tight, is it wide and loose? Um and we're I'm gonna we'll go here on just a a couple of the patterns and then we'll get into the specifics of um price and volume and how to uh determine what's constructive accumulative action versus what's um distributive. So, very quickly just to show some of the big leaders here, right? We've got a a double bottom base on base. Not to mention, we've not only does this double bottom undercut here, it undercuts the prior base. So, this and I show that just to point out that when you get an undercut of a prior low, if this was a late stage base, this just reset into a stage one double bottom base, right? So, that's your standard Bill O'Neal double bottom. Here's another one. um big prior winner Google massive cup. I put this
[0:18:00] one just it's kind of unique. We got a double double handle here. These are your classic um buy through the high of the handle bill O'Neal entry areas. And again, they still work and I still do take those trades although I have uh I'm very I'm much more selective about when and when and which stocks I take those trades on. Right. Uh moving on to the flatbed. the this is and I I'd say this the the the double bottom base doesn't have to happen at a at an ultimate bottom but it often does and then the most common ones that follow up that first early stage base are cup and handles and flat stage bases um flat stage or I'm sorry a flat base rather flat base not stage sorry about that um is simply this the stock whips back and forth doesn't really give you any um uh definable pattern and you break out you buy the breakout through the high of
[0:19:00] that um sideways uh consolidation if you will like we have more between the lines. Those are your basic patterns that I'm looking for. There are um other ones as we all know whether it be you know ascending bases, square box based um high tight flags but those are much further and fewer between and so we can discuss those at another time that didn't make it into this webinar. Um and then again the launchpad setup as I said the launchpad is really a moving average thing. You notice here we're in a downtrend. We're in a downtrend as we start to break through the Right. I don't have this one drawn, but as you break through the the longer term de declining tops trend line, you're all the moving averages have converged in a tight bunch to the upside and they've begun to expand. So Andre pointed out that this very often happens, right? The moving averages converge, begin to expand. That
[0:20:00] is very that happens and I've noticed that happens very often right around that point where your longestterm declining tops line lines up. I love the confluence right of when I've got the declining tops line right into where those moving averages are nice and tight and even better if there's um a consolidation period or a significant area above to watch for a reclaim. Right? And in this case, right, we've got the launch pad formed here. We have the price pulled back right to the top of it respecting that 23day is what it looks like that. Uh &gt;&gt; yeah. Can you list um the moving averages, Ross, just so everybody can duplicate? Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh. Um yes. So 10day, the 10day simple is the green. The Cayenne line is 21day simple. The purple line is 23-day exponential. And I'll ex So the reason I put this on here is I have found that very often when stocks don't hold the
[0:21:00] 21, they will often hold the 23. Not always, but often. And the same thing I'm going to show you here. The the gray or almost black line here is the 50-day simple. And this is the 65day exponential. Same sort of thing will often happen there. Stocks that don't hold the 50 will be caught by their 65. And to me, that becomes the relevant line. So anytime I'm using a moving average as a important level, it's going to be the one that the stock's personality shows that it has respected in the past. So I look to the left and I see when the stock was trending before um which stock which moving a how does the stock act? Does it what key areas of logical support does it respect? Right? And um I look at all this stuff ahead of time. So, when I've typically picked a stock, it has that personality where it does respect um those logical areas. So, I'm always just looking to the left to get an idea of what that stock's individual personality is. I assume that that
[0:22:00] personality continues until you've got get a personality change, which does happen, but I have found assuming the the continued personality works out really well. Not perfectly, but extremely well. Right. And and Ross to add something on about the launchpad. &gt;&gt; Um you're most focused on it when an entire group and theme is kind of forming the launchpad at the same time, right? So the semis over the last one to two weeks or so. That's been a really good example and I think we'll show SMH and a bunch of semi charts uh throughout today. But that's what you love is like there's a big base all there's like a long consolidation and that's kind of what all those different moving average uh uh or sorry different period moving averages are for is to see those different time frames and when they all compress together what that really is showing is that we've got the 60 you know uh the the 65 EMA we've got the the 20 period if all of those are compressed at the same point that means that across
[0:23:00] all those different periods the stock is tightening. So, it's showing contraction and from contraction can come expansion. So, when a stock is doing that, but especially when an entire group is doing that, that's what makes this kind of pattern characteristic um you know, so powerful. And then you're looking for entry tactics on top of that, consolidation pivots, pullbacks to the moving averages. Like here, right on the launch pad here, we've got a nice bar that breaks through a short-term pattern off the moving averages. That could be an entry point. But then a week later we get a pullback back into the moving averages. That could be another great entry. So this is more about the larger setup. And then we're going to also discuss today kind of the entry tactics specifically. So just want to add those points and feel free to add anything Ross if I &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, that's extremely important. Right. I when I see groups of stocks doing it, that's what gives me the confidence that we've actually got a group that's we're going to see rotation into. Right. How do I This is how I go. So if I see biotechs get a little bit
[0:24:00] extended and need to bounce around a little bit, I'm looking around for the next group that I mean ideally like Richard just said the semiconductors which are all to to one extent or another. Some are further ahead, some are further behind, but you can see a ton of semiconductor um stocks. The software stocks if I'm not mistaken um did this just before. You'll see the entire group starting to move up the right side. moving averages all converging, high relative strength. And of course, you want to look at the the group to make sure it's a relatively new group and earlier in its cycle, meaning are most of the stocks in that group in early stage bases, stage one and two. If you got a lot of stage three and four bases, it's time to be careful, right? Those those are typically much more failureprone. Um but yes and that so then when we get a follow-through day or we're waiting for a turn you know I see some sort of significant turn in the market when I can look at industry groups that are clearly traditional
[0:25:00] growth right like technology is and I can see the top relative strength high quality you know stocks in that group all doing that together that's what really gives me the impetus to add exposure which I did this week right I keep it very simple I do not I do not claim I anytime I've tried to get too smart and look at the economy and all of that. That just messes me up. So I've literally, you know, I keep in mind right now the only thing I see that bothers me that's a little late stage are the memory stocks, but it doesn't mean they can't keep going. I'm still watching those. As a matter of fact, I own a little SKH Heinik. Um and so yeah, and the only other thing that I would point out, this launchpad can happen. I call these I didn't write it down like a shorter term launchpad, right? We see cup and handleesque. This is not a cup and handle. Um it's too short the high you shouldn't be making a high. There's a bunch of reasons it it isn't. But you can see you've just got
[0:26:00] the three shorter term crossing to the upside. And notice even on the pullback here, it tends to respect that the confluence of the 23 and 21 picking up a little volume as we move up here. Right? And so, you know, when I look at a stock like this, I'm either looking at buying on weakness versus where it shows key support every other, you know, in the past, right? Light volume, right? That's your uh constructive action or a heavy volume break above. But if you're going to buy on heavy volume, it you want the personality of a stock that when you do do it, it actually can move. and then respect a shorterterm moving averages that is tight and logical for that stock at that time. Right? And we'll look at some actual examples. &gt;&gt; And Ross, one more time, uh could you just go through your moving averages just so it's crystal clear everybody? &gt;&gt; I'm sorry. You know, I should have left them up here on So the the shortest term one, the green line is the 10day SMA.
[0:27:00] The Cayenne line is the 21day SMA. The purple line is the 23-day EMA. The black or gray is our 50-day simple moving average SMA. Orange is the 65day exponential. And then this is our 200 day simple moving average. And I saw a quick one on on the weekly charts. I use Stan Weinstein's weekly moving averages. For the most part, I used the 10, 30, and 40 week, which is both bill and let me put it this way. I used to just have the the 10 week and 40 week, and I added the 30-week when I brought Stan Slim into the picture. So, that's my and they're both they're all three simple moving averages there. &gt;&gt; And 40 week &gt;&gt; and the launch is &gt;&gt; if you want, I use a 12 and a 24 month. I forgot what Bill used. He like I think it was I need Jackson. He remembered it was but it was very close to that. I
[0:28:00] just like one year and two years. That's me. &gt;&gt; Yep. And then the launchpad is a pattern you look for more on the daily chart, right? With all the moving averages converging. Is that right? &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Yep. Yep. Much easier to see. And and and to Richard's point before also, not only do the 23 and 65 exponential pick up, you know, the broken 21 and 50 respectively, they also give me that extra couple of lines that makes it just really easy to spot where the converging is happening. So, &gt;&gt; yep. Great. &gt;&gt; And I think I probably should have had this slide up before. I thought I thought it was the next slide five or six slides ago when we were discussing um that I don't really mind the pattern so much as I want to see healthy constructive action meaning a cumulative action as a stock moves higher as opposed to distributive. Um, so interpreting the most basic price and volume is all we're doing here, right?
[0:29:00] This is pretty easy. Closed up near highs, right? So, if your prior close is here, doesn't really matter. You open a little higher, a little lower, you have a big move on the day, you close near highs, that um, if volume picks up, that's clearly accumulative. And I would say this now, even when I have a bit less volume, even if it's not a pocket pivot, if the price move is significant, I am going to put my emphasis on price more than volume. So, if I have a powerful price move and the volume seems to be missing a little bit, I will now still buy that stock as long as I've got, you know, and I'll show you examples of, you know, a clear powerful push after a constructive weakness um right through moving averages, a declining tops line, and a consolidation pivot, it becomes very obvious. Okay, so the close here, you'll see. So, we this is and so here's my point. You can have a down day, right? So, we close down,
[0:30:00] but still well into the upper half of its range, that's still accumulative, even though this would be a pink bar. Um, conversely, right, even though we have Wait, do we have um Yeah. So, even though we have this stop, right? So, here was yesterday's close, the prior close. Here's today's close. So we do this big we do we move up and we fall all the way back down. We could be a little above a little below but in this case right we'd be a little above we're going to close slightly higher here. This is what Bill referred to as churning action. Big price prog or little price progress to the upside with the big pickup in volume. So if you get that big pickup in volume, what I call that shooting pattern. It goes all the way to the highs and then comes all the way back in. It's much more obvious when it closes negative, right? But it it's important to keep in mind that when you see this, you know, the big pick up in
[0:31:00] volume, even if this is still a blue bar, if you're well into the lower half of the range, that's still distributive. And this becomes important when you're trying to count accumulation days, distribution days, and I'll just point this out before we move on. A distribution day, as per the textbook, How to Make Money in Stocks, is a day that's down .02% on more volume. Now the problem I have with that is for these you can close down 0 2% but close you know in the upper quarter of the of the a um range for the day and by the book that would be distribution and I'm telling you not only is it not distribution it's accumulation. So you're not doing yourself any favors by just following that definition without paying attention to where a stock closes in its range. So, in a nutshell, what I'm trying to point out is don't necessarily hone in on whether the stock closed up or down for the day,
[0:32:00] but how much did volume pick up or down and where did it close in its range. The midpoint is kind of neutral to me. Anything below the midpoint I count as distributive. Anything above as accumulative. in extreme cases on a weekly chart I've seen Bill um see a stock let's say it does the huge volume and closes 40% off the lows depending on what happens after right he uses context environment where the market's coming from I have seen him seen him say this isn't an often thing but it's worth pointing out right a little nuance well this thing bounced it it came 40% off its lows you know that's enough so that would be and I mean again far and few between So that's why I just kind of use the midpoint as my demarcation between accumulative distributive and then you know everything in the stock market has nuance otherwise I'd have had this black box making me money a long time ago while I floating around the south of France and that didn't that's not happening not that way anyway so anyway
[0:33:00] I don't want to spend more time on that but it's very important that you understand what a constructive healthy accumulation looks like versus distrib distribution and then there's going to be the whole listen accumulative action is typically um tight um &gt;&gt; distributive dangerous action gets wide and loose and you'll see the tails are at the top instead of the bottom. Right? You'll see more um kind of those shooting patterns or churning days rather than your the h your hammer type days or candles where the tail is at the bottom. Right? And I'll show again as we get into examples, I'll show you that's a a key thing I watch. As a stock goes up, right, you get that last BL a stock starts to move. A lot of times they get that climax move. Once it starts to um pick up volatility and start whipping around after a huge move, I start I start looking for my way out. I usually I have a blog on this. I usually look for my second consecutive close before
[0:34:00] the 21day. But if it's a stock that's had a heck of a move and when it breaks the 10day, it often goes right to the 21day, I might sell a third to a half of my position on the second close below the 10day before I even get to the 21. Again, depending on where that stock is, where everything else is, and you know, is it all this is the whole group now getting wide and loose after tightening up and making triple digit moves. I have learned you can save a lot a lot of aggravation by selling proactively as you see a group getting tired, putting that money profits to the side and waiting for the the clear setup, right? That hot deck when things become a little easier to see and risk is easier to manage, I guess you could say. Unless of course they're I'm always looking for as a stock as a group is doing that, do we have the next group showing? And often that happens, right? That's that's what keeps a really powerful healthy uptrend going is that healthy rotation. So as
[0:35:00] you know biotech and software and healthcare you know had a had a move and need to move sideways now semiconductors and the AI trade and some specialty retail and crypto comes back and as the you know what I mean and as those get tired maybe you'll see the setup start to show up again. So again, software, healthcare, biotech, maybe some other groups, uh, specialty retail, whatever it may be. And I'm never surprised when the I don't know, you know, oil I I was going to say some of the commodity stuff joins in, but again, I tend to stay away from that even though one in four big leaders comes from, you know, that cyclical area just because, you know, the new the headline. &gt;&gt; Russ Ross, sorry, just to bring you back. I I think I I think let's let's I want to touch on one thing on the last slide first because I think it's important. &gt;&gt; This is like um the the price analyzing price action slide. Um sorry
[0:36:00] &gt;&gt; the the closing range stuff. So this is like the ABCs of reading a chart. And we we start here because it kind of shows the tugofwar, who's in control, buyers or sellers on one individual bar. But like Ross was saying, this is kind of like the starting point, but you also want to take the whole chart in context. Where has the stock come from? Is it setting up in a base? Is it overall tight? Uh because uh a bar with a really negative closing range, if it's a really tight bar overall to me doesn't really, you know, doesn't scream anything to be worried about. But if it's a very really really poor closing range, it's breaking below the 10 EMA that's been holding for 5 weeks and it's the it's the largest range bar of the move, that tells you something more. So, it's about like learning for yourself what what accumulative action looks like, what distributive action looks like, and uh we'll try to we'll be kind of going through a lot of examples today to kind of bring that to life. So, just want to add that uh that stuff here. And let let's go through some examples. I think we've got some uh to come up. I think
[0:37:00] it's going to become pretty clear after we got a bunch of examples in here and uh yeah um &gt;&gt; so I mean Micron here I we we had I get to me this is so I know we we had a flat base right I I I could say you know in retrospect in hindsight being 2020 looks like we had some big volume coming in right volume tapers off here as we move sideways the stock stock starts to move up and out, right? Earnings comes into play as the, you know, we break out into earnings. That's always a tough one. I mean, to move up and then break out into makes makes it very, it just makes it very tough. Um, regardless, the market didn't like it. So, we built a not right. This isn't a cup or a cup and handle only because it's not six or seven weeks. It's a cupish cup and handleish. it depend. So here I
[0:38:00] would say you've got the more of a cup breakout to new highs. Um and you can see that didn't follow through. But notice here volume picks up big as we move up. Right? Big blue small pink I think is has a lot to do with it right there. That's the very general. But after big blue small pink where did it close within the range? Right? You don't want to let it end there. So when I see the big blue closing at the top that's great. This is still accumulation to me, right? You got a hammer candle. Even though it's pink, this, let's say this day was down 02% and volume was heavier. It's not the case. Still accumulation. In fact, if volume was heavier, it's even bigger accumulation. Just because it's pink, it is not distribution. Just get try and remember that. Right? So, anytime you see a pink day or pink week, pay attention to where, right? So, notice these pink days are all closing at highs. Like I said, the tails are at the bottom. Tails are at the bottom. Whereas on the way down, not always, but notice you've got these big wide ranges
[0:39:00] with the the shooting pattern. The tails at the top, close at the low, close at the low, close at the low. Um, so I mean, and that's really it. So, you've got clear accumulation up the right side here. Volume picking up on the blue days. I mean, even on your weakest days, you're closing. So, I'm going to say this. You're closing in. It looks like a middle of the range close. It's not. you have to include from the close the day before the gap, right? So, this blue line actually extends down to here and this blue line. So, what I'm going to tell you is every single one of these closed at or near their highs on the way up, right? Then look, volume tapers off. You get this night tight action. Volume picks up up again. You blast off and you form I don't know if we go into high, but you form a bit of a handle here. Notice again, where's the volume? it it clearly dries up as we move and what Richard was saying you may get these wide ranges however you've got tight
[0:40:00] closes on light volume so that is still okay right so the tight closes even though these might be a bit wide and not closing right this closes at the bottom of the range this closes below mid-range however volume is light and it's overall very tight right below right that pivot point and what do you know volume picks up, it breaks out, and that's your cup and handle breakout right there for &gt;&gt; Yeah. And &gt;&gt; cup and handleish breakout. That is not a That is not a proper cup and handle base. It's not long enough. &gt;&gt; And could I add a a few things, Ross? So, we we actually chose this example because it kind of gets to one of the key points that we're trying to get at is like what is this pattern? I don't know. It could be it's got double bottom elements. It's got flat base elements. It's got cup elements. The point is, and MU MU made on a went on a beautiful trend after this. Um, the point is that it's accumulative price action. It's constructive price action up the right
[0:41:00] hand side. And that's kind of what you want to imprint on your brain and be able to spot. So, how I kind of view this is whenever stock starts a base, you know, maybe around this point, if you can see, uh, you can see my label, I believe, Ross, right? Um, right around that point, we start a base, right? When we start a base, we're looking for, if it's a stock we're interested in, the next entry point, the next lowrisk uh spot, and maybe we have to wait for a true bottom to be put into the base. Um, but let's go ahead and erase this. I'll kind of share a few things that I'm I put I point out on this. Uh, first, we have a potential low that gets put in right here, right? Uh, because up imagine you don't see the right side where it actually works out and breaks. Uh this is a potential turning point in the base. We've got undercut of a prior low and a really nice bar. Look at look how strong this bar is, but no real volume coming in. So that could could be a little bit of a tell in hindsight, but regardless, it's construct a price action until this fails, right? Where we
[0:42:00] try to break out and then it fails. Um so at that point, that trade, this trade opportunity is kind of dead. Uh and I'm just going to clear my stuff. Um, then we're kind of waiting for the next low of the a potential low for the base to be put in. And we're we're in a downtrend here like Ross said, negative closes, volume picking up, volatility picking up, all of that. And then look at this bar right here, guys. Um, this one right here, this big pink bar. What would be your guys expectation after a bar like that? What What would you guys expect to happen? Uh, let's get some answers in the chat here. Yeah, more decline, right? Instead, what happens? We have an upside reversal, a close at highs. Like Ross said, volume is picking up and we have a potential for a change in direction. Um, right. But all it is right now is a potential. But we start seeing a cumul uh accumulative
[0:43:00] constructive price action where the next bar we get a gap up. Then the next bar, uh, tell me about this bar, guys. This pink bar. Um, it's it's a down bar, but would you call this one right here? And Ross, could you highlight that one that I pointed to? Would you call that a constructive bar or deconstructive bar? Positive. Right. So, even though it's down day, we're closing at highs. We're holding this unfilled gap off the low. And sorry for my chicken scratch here. Uh, but we're holding this gap up and close at highs. And we follow through up the next day. And I love a gap up that holds a tight bar like that. Again, that suggests that even though we gapped up, sellers didn't take control. Uh, and again, this next bar, yes, we undercut the prior day's low, the the gap up tight day low. But would you call this next pink bar, and Ross, could you highlight the pink bar I'm pointing to here, would you highlight that one? Was that positive or negative overall? What
[0:44:00] do you guys think? Positive or negative? Positive. Right. It's a tight bar overall. We're we're trying to hold the turn. We're trying to hold that change in momentum. Uh and then we see that follow through. So, what we're really trying to show here is how to how to be able to assess a chart in real time when we start to seeing we start going from a basing chart to something that's making a turn and starting to move up the right hand side of the base. And then at that point, we can start looking for entry points. That could be on a range breakout here. That could be on this bar early in the session. That could be waiting. Yeah, go ahead. &gt;&gt; I'm going to run over you. I'll point out here. If you were to draw the declining box line &gt;&gt; along here, you'll you'll see that it starts to break up through. And this is what lets me know, hey, we may be going into a stage two, right? The beginning, the very beginning. That's my alert. And in this case, my guess is you're probably below the key moving averages on the weekly that you would need to be above for it to be an official stage
[0:45:00] two. as per Stan Weinstein's rules. But I just wanted to point out and again if I see a whole group turning and the volume is huge, I'll cheap my way in even before it's above Stan's averages if it's So I just wanted to point that out like that's your earliest earliest but not always a great idea to enter there. So &gt;&gt; yep. So again, the key point here is start to recognize what accumulative price action looks like. upside reversals, gap ups that hold, uh reclaims of moving averages, uh tight price action overall, gap ups that don't give back much, uh tight areas that form, reconfirmation ups, strong bars like this, uh tests of highs cuz and then even this this price action like Ross mentioned, yes, we're pulling back and there's a little bit of a fade here, but we're all this is holding above the 10 EMA, this this green line here, and it's all tight And look at the volume, guys. This is what we want to see on a pullback to the 10 10, you know, 10day moving average.
[0:46:00] Um, so really, this isn't really a failed breakout. It's just a high handle within the base that then there would be another entry point right here that you could buy on the break through those highs. So, &gt;&gt; I'll tell you officially, I just and I rarely does this happen. I mean, I actually I actually bought it on these two days off of the 10day moving average and polished off the position on the breakout &gt;&gt; in a smaller my smaller account. I don't have hundreds of millions of dollars, so I don't have to worry about size. So, &gt;&gt; yeah. And you manage risk versus that 10day moving average, which is what a key tactic we're going to be talking about today. So, let me know if that was helpful kind of walking through price and volume action and how how we think about, you know, what is accumulation, what is distributive. And I think we've got one more uh example. Ross, if you want to go to the next slide and yeah, walk us through from your because this is in real time right now what's going on. Maybe also point out um you know uh the the transition from an uptrend to the start of the base too and then we'll talk about the base.
[0:47:00] &gt;&gt; Right. So this is the one we just looked at, right? This is basically what we just looked at. This is the the move we got. And I guess what I want to point out for starters is you can see this is a logarithmic chart. So bars here are visibly comparable to the ones in the past unlike on an arithmetic where they get squished in the past. So you'll notice here the the average daily ranges, right? We start to get a little wider as we move up and then what I notice here is get you get this you start to get a little bit more wide and loose and then you'll notice we break the shortterm moving averages. And I'll tell you what, I I I find a rising bottoms line while we're discussing it also quite helpful. And I'm going to give this one. Dan Zanger, I I used to subscribe to his newsletter and I learned this from Dan. When these momentum stocks, and many of them are, break this rising bottoms line as well as a short-term moving average,
[0:48:00] typically going sideways for a while, if not done alto together. So that's what I'm saying. It helps to realize when you're starting to get wide and loose and lose momentum, you start breaking short-term moving averages like this. I don't even wait for the second close below. That's enough. I don't because it may recover, but I would rather be forced to buy it back again than watch it go to the 50-day. And that's just, you know, um the way I So, that I would like to. And then you notice, look how wide and loose. Wide and loose. And then all of a sudden, semiconductors start to shape up together. Look how much tighter this action is than here. I mean, that's the real what really got me. And the same thing's happening on a ton of charts. I mean, if you look at SanDisk, similar, right? It's a also another big leading um memory stock. The only problem I have with this whole group is they are later stage bases. They're, you know, stage three and four bases, which don't have to fail, but are typically more failureprone. So, I keep that in mind when I'm
[0:49:00] deciding how much to buy and uh how and where I'm going to buy it, right? So, I want to give this one um less of a chance to hurt me um and bounce around than I would if it if this was a stage one or stage two base, in which case I'd have a lot more patience for it to would wobble around a bit. &gt;&gt; Yep. And I'll add my thoughts on this. So, again, we have a really negative bar here. What is our expectation after a bar like that? Uh well, everybody thinks it's going to go down to zero, right? Instead, what happens? We have a strong gap up with a good close. Uh we we've pulled back after that gap up, but we try to hold. There's that shift in the base from distributive action to a cumulative action and then we get higher lows. We reclaim the moving averages. Uh pullbacks, hold the moving averages. There's a flip between disrespect of moving averages or respect the downside as we're pulling down to now moving averages are supporting the stock instead. Gap downs hold the moving
[0:50:00] averages right here and then we gap up and have an unfilled gap from it. So, it's these little things that just because we start to have constructive action doesn't mean it's a buy right away, but it's telling you to to pay attention more to the stock and maybe look for a future entry tactic. So I think this is a great example Russ I think Ed &gt;&gt; on top of that yeah like where you were saying where you get that change from negative to positive then notice you get the big volume then look this is typically a sign of accumulation nice tight sideways along the average volume dries up then you get the push again and again nice tight a lot of times I will buy these and then you know unfortunately sometimes I get kicked out here and then I will I won't hesitate to buy it back again versus the 50 even if that I have even if that did happen. I haven't I don't have any micron. I haven't touched it since um I bought it back here. Um and I I wound up um I want to say I got scared out back here below the 10day on that sec. I just didn't
[0:51:00] give it enough room to wiggle around. I did the same thing with SanDisk. I sold them both way too early. But nevertheless, you the idea is again to notice the wide and loose to all this the change in character and then look how much more accumulative it is. you got to drift into the average nice tight action, low volume, right? It's that's accumulative, healthy, constructive action versus when you start to see the wide loose, you know, smashes through moving averages and key levels of support uh with big big pickup in volume, right? &gt;&gt; And what one thing I want to double click on is the unfilled gap aspect of this right here at the lows. And what an unfilled gap is is basically where you have a prior day close and we gap up and we we never go back to that close from that day. Meaning that there's an unfilled gap right here. And whenever that happens, I kind of immediately shift my perspective and say, "Okay, we could be turning here." That it's just a shift in perspective, right? And in a
[0:52:00] really short-term example, we have right here another unfilled gap. And last week or or a week and a half ago, that's when semis really turned where we had a gap down that held. And Ross, sorry, uh to make you do this, can you zoom in maybe on this area &gt;&gt; just so we can really emphasize this point &gt;&gt; here? I need to move the pre I've got a &gt;&gt; Okay. And yeah, pan this way. Yeah, that that's perfect. Keep it there. So, we had this gap down again. What what do we expect to happen after a gap down? Follow through down. Instead, what happened? We had two really tight closes after that gap down. So, basically, that gap down was supported. Then, we had a gap up that so far is unfilled. Again, just kind of a shift in perspective to Oh, you're messing up my drawings, Ross. &gt;&gt; Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, yeah. Sorry. I'm trying to get the volume on there. My bad. &gt;&gt; You're fine. You're fine. Uh, you're
[0:53:00] fine. Uh, just just keep it here. Uh so again that unfilled gap it's like a shift in perspective that maybe this could be an important turning point and then you can look for an entry entry tactic all that uh keep in mind MU has earnings I think next week. So we'll see what happens but we've also had a flip above kind of this intrabase uh resistance. So we'll we'll see what happens with with this name. But these are just kind of little things to keep an eye on. the the unfilled gaps, the tightening price action, the reclaims of moving averages. That can be like a list of things to look for that, okay, this is a checklist for when I'm analyzing a base. If I start to see this stuff, then I can get a little bit more interested in looking for an entry point. Um, so yeah, that's that's kind of I think all I had there. Hopefully that's helpful for you. &gt;&gt; I love that this that you've got the moving average, right? You cross to the upside here. You're expanding as you move up into that, right? And so you get like a very like the confluence of the averages right below the pivot that becomes a great spot to buy against to
[0:54:00] use as key support for anything at that matter at that level. So anyway, that's it. Are you all done there, Rich? &gt;&gt; I'm all good. I hopefully that was helpful to you guys. Let me know in the chat if if that was good. Um and we're happy to dive in further a little bit later, too. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. All right. So, consolidation pivots. So, there's a lot there's a lot written here. However, I'm going to tell you quite simply, they look the same as a base pivot, right? Your William O'Neal base breakout pivot except they're lower in the pattern. Um, and that is really like so honestly that is really it. And as you can imagine, being able to buy, let's say, you know, 50% or more or even 40%ish, 35 40 50 or more percent off the high closer to the longer term moving averages and the first um pivots that develop as you move up the right side, Stan, you know, Stan
[0:55:00] Weinstein style. um these stocks do push up through I you know I don't and but anyway um consolidation pivots is kind of like my my once I see a stock go through a the declining tops line b it is through the relevant um Stan Weinstein moving averages on the weekly which I will extrapolate to the daily just you know manually meaning 10 day 10E moving average 50-day um 30week moving average 150day if I don't feel like looking at a weekly. But basically, the consolidation pivots are those next um pivots that form at swing highs as the stock moves up the right side that formed on the left as you know the stock tried to rally and failed along the way. And you'll not always but most often um consolidation pivots typically form a you know
[0:56:00] after you've got the moving averages crossing to the upside and you've started to go from stage one into stage two. That is where most of them um ultimately uh happen. Now we'll just take a couple look at some examples. ALAB here, semiconductor stock has had a heck of a move and you can see we're still in we we've got the moving averages crossing to the upside here. So, we've got a launch pad happening. We're through the declining tops line. I can tell you now based on the daily that we are through the relevant Stan Weinstein averages. So, we are officially at the beginning, you know, we've got um from stage one, this bottoming to stage two uptrend. So, this might even be stage two. I don't know what's the early one. 2 A. I forget how he labels it, but I Yeah. Um, and so these will give you this isn't a uh
[0:57:00] again, this is just showing where consolidation pivots happen. This isn't a uh actionable stock, but you can see being able to enter here as the stock, right, pushes up through all of its moving averages. At this point, you're not quite crossed yet, but this and I'll point I'll point to some recent examples where, you know, I'm paying attention as a group um is coming up the right side. Does it look like moving averages are crossing? Is that an expectation? Right. Um so anyway, that again consolidation pivot here and here and just like a normal pivot point, right? It's kind of like a mini cup. It's the high on the left side of that mini cup right here. We tried to rally back up, ultimately failed there, drifted down. So now that becomes that next consolidation pivot on the way up, right? So technically now I'm starting the base here. &gt;&gt; 12:00. &gt;&gt; Um the only again, right, the only difference being is where you're looking
[0:58:00] for pivot points for O'Neal within 15 maybe 20% of the all the high on the left side. It's the same exact sort of setup. It's just going to happen um t typically in not always but typically in the lower half of the base and certainly um much earlier than 15%. And again SMH this is a nice clean launch pad here right we know the we got the whole group starting to turn. Um I look to me this is I missed this entry here. I am long some SMH and I typically don't trade ETFs but after doing my 20 and 30-year analysis of QQQ and SMH relative to you know some of the big growth stocks out there I've be I've become a big fan of SMH because it trades t it trades in a tight orderly manner. It respects key areas of support. Right? It's the big leading thing. So I've Right. And so we've got
[0:59:00] we had a nice tight run. We got wide and loose. We're tightening up again, right? Similar to Micron and SanDisk, we've got the uh launchpad pattern happening here. And then volume beginning to pick up as it moves up through these first consolidation pivots. And you'll notice, right, and probably the lower third of the base, not just the lower half, well before, you know, um any sort of O'Neal sort of pivot point comes into play. Um, so that's one more example there. And then the last one before we get into more spec specifics of actual entry and sell stops again, right? Launchpad, all the moving averages cross. And again, here's your first, right? If you were starting the base here and you ran up, kind of fa right failed. So I I kind of look at it as the the base breakout starts at that actual high on
[1:00:00] the left and then every time again it rallies up, makes a swing high and fails, right? That will be your next consolidation pivot. Um this is your first one here. On the way up through here, this would have been one, right? Ultimately fails and stops you out. So, I'm I'm constantly drawing, redrawing, and re- um analyzing the stocks as they continue to make progress in and of themselves and and as the group. So, again, you can see semiconductor stocks. So far, you've been able to cheat your way in super early instead of having to wait for it to, you know, come further up the right side. So, entry tactics, very simple. We're either buying on strength or on constructive weakness. Buying on strength still still works quite well. I'm just very careful about where I buy on strength, how I do it, and where my sell stops are. The most important thing, and you'll see here, I've got it written everywhere. A tight
[1:01:00] logical sell stop is must is a must. Without it, you're gambling. Right? If you don't know where your sell stop is and why before you buy the stock, you're gambling. You need to be the house, right? that that's how the I look at it this way my for me I'm very careful about is the market in an uptrend do I feel the deck is hot is it hot do I have the upper hand I don't want to I I always want to feel like I'm the house once I feel like the deck might be getting a little bit warm I will tend to step away I have learned that anytime I feel like a genius it's because the market environment is very cooperative and anytime I feel like I've lo you know I I I don't I don't know what I'm doing anymore and I should quit. Um you you know so at at at those extremes. So anyway, buying on strength even can slim breakouts still works but you want to you want to pay attention to the personality of the stock how it got there and where your sell stops are. I I
[1:02:00] can't stress enough. It's all about managing risk. Tight logical sell stop. Nothing else really matters. If you have edge and a tight logical sell stop, you can take any trade, right? But you need to have edge. You need you need the wind at your back. You need Right. And then if you have that tight logical stop and a and and a system where the math proves that it works, it's a matter of creating rules to keep your emotions out of the way so that you can execute. And honestly, that's the hardest part, keeping the emotional capital, your your emotions in check. And so um largely what you're which tactic you will use depends on the stock's personality, the setup, your overall environment, how liquid that stock may be, um so on and so forth. So let's go ahead and um before we move on to examples, what is tight and logical? Just to be clear, um I'll give you an extreme example to buy a stock extended
[1:03:00] five, six, seven, eight% off its 10day moving average and put a tight so to buy it up there and put a tight sell stop of two to three% is ridiculous because that stock can come all the way back to its 10day you know at 7 or 8% the stock is still fine right can probably come to its 21day and still be fine right which might be double digits off where it is at that point so again that is not a three or 2% sell stop is not logical there logical goal is going to be when you're buying versus key support like right underneath that support but you know it depends on how anytime I'm buying versus a key support level I want to be within 1% 1% max um the closer to that support level I am the better because then that means I can give it a little more wiggle room below um how much wiggle room I give it I still also will look to the left how does this stock respect moving averages does it have a clean clear like tight
[1:04:00] edge or does it shake below a little bit? If it does shake below, I'll do the Bill O'Neal thing. About how much? This much. Okay, that works then. Right. So, it it you've got to be able to hold your stocks or it doesn't matter how right you are. So, I Right. It's it's all going to come down to your position sizing based on, you know, how much progress you're making, where you are, that sort of thing. And your sell stops, right? You Mike Webster's rules, right? ultimately don't lose money. That's right. You're going to lose money more often than you make money most likely. But that's what the tight quick um losses are all about. And that's why they have to be logical. If they're not logical, you can wind up, you know, the death by a thousand cuts thing and that's the last thing you want going on. Um so tight and logical, right? So buying versus a key support area, I give it about 2 to 3% below. Um, otherwise if I'm buying on strength,
[1:05:00] it's got to have the right personality. Um, and there's got to be a tight logical sell stop. Mean, and again, if it's a stock that trades has an average daily range of five to six or 7%, which is on the higher side for me, I like to typically keep it super tight. If I can get uh get a stock that moves, you know, triple digits in a short period of time that only has a 3% average daily range over 10 or 20 days, that's ideal. But I will buy ones that still have that tight orderly personality but trade with a little more um gusto during the day. Again, the idea is you ha there has to be a logical sell stop below you. So, and the idea so that you can be wrong two or three times and even if it takes back off again, you're not going to hesitate to buy it the third and fourth time. So that is um the idea behind being it very uh selective with your entries and keeping your sell stops tight and logical. It's very easy
[1:06:00] to keep them tight, but if they're not logical, it's irrelevant. &gt;&gt; And Ross, this is just a hypothetical here. Yeah. But like &gt;&gt; this is that's so key, the tight and logical. Like if you walk away with something one thing from today's presentation, it's to remember to use tight and logical stops because you know obviously don't do this but I think even if you did random entries but you kept your stop loss tight, you'll do okay. You'll you'll do you'll do fine if you're focusing on the right stocks. But it's about pairing that with it also being logical uh where you know if it breaks below the 10 MA the consolidation pivot whatever your level is that the setup is invalidated pairing tight stop losses with that that's that's the gold standard. Uh and then of course pairing that with a stock showing RS leadership qualities all that that's the magic elixir that we're we're building. But just having tight logical stops will keep you in the game and uh allow you to position size, you know, enough to make a difference when it works. And we we'll
[1:07:00] get to position sizing in a little bit, but just want to add that, Ross. &gt;&gt; Yes. No, thank you. Thank you very much. So, you know, very very clear here. There's nothing new here. Buying on strength can be a base breakout, but for me, it can be moving averages uh prior significant swing high and you know, or a consolidation pivot. It can be prior significant gaps um the top of a prior uh base or consolidation any any key level um that you are reclaiming on volume or pushing through on volume is a buy on strength again as long as you have that tight logical stop and edge right uh a solid reason the wind at your back the probabilities you know that's what the whole can slim fundament all the work we do to get to the entry right we We're not even looking at an entry until I make sure everything else is in line from the personality to the earnings to you know can slim the the the fundamental the can slim fundamentals is 70% of the game right so
[1:08:00] that is an absolute must and ultimately how I will always um pair down my list to the best of the best once I've got the tightest most orderly highest relative strength powerful stocks um how I ultimately pair it down is which one has the um most spectacular cancelling fundamentals. Um so let's look at a couple of examples here. And here SMH I pulled it up again. It's just all you know all too beautiful at this point as uh the semiconductors uh both manufacturers and equipment are shaping up and starting to uh build constructive right sides of their bases. Right? So that to me is where the rotation has been headed and will likely continue to move into. Um so we've got our launchpad pattern launch pad forming here at this point. You can see um if you were to cover it
[1:09:00] up it's not quite it you can see it beginning to all the averages just beginning to turn up as this uh bar gaps up and punches through that longterm. Not only the long-term declining tops line, all of its moving averages. Oh, I'd have to double check. It looks like it's at least trying to take that 57324 first little bit of resistance or consolidation pivot out, right? Because you're breaking through it all right here. If you were fast enough on on your, you know, at the open that I don't know where it opened, but if you can pick it up and this is talk about a, you know, for managing risk a confluence, right? you've got the declining tops line and the entire moving average cluster right there below you. Not not to mention, you know, you can you can use that gap as a way to manage risk as well. But to me, that's like the ideal buy. I was not paying attention here. This is the kind of thing where in
[1:10:00] general, I'll tell you, I will start my initial what I consider a comfortable starter position is 5%. If I'm feeling very uncomfortable, I might build I might build my 5% two and a half% at a time if I'm feeling, you know, a little bit nervous and I'm accumulating early. Here though, this you almost have that the ability to manage risk as if you were anticipating, but you're not. You've got the actual move happening here and such tight logical stops. This showing the strength. They're all, you know, that whole sort of thing going on with incred an incredible amount of support below. So, that is really my all-time favorite. I wouldn't, and again, I'll be honest with you, I wouldn't hesitate to buy the strength here either. I should have put um you could enter also here on the break of
[1:11:00] that 57324 not just the declining tops line and moving averages. So I have no problem putting on you know maybe I do 10% here. I would even put the other 10% here. So I would get into that one relatively quickly and so far so good. Who knows? You never know what news might come out and we could have a test all the way back in and sometime right I'm always I love that as my key support the expanding cluster sometimes it just stops at the top of the cluster often it will go into it and I'll just look for you know look to the left to see which moving average is the most relevant for that stock u but these are cases and again here um you can you are buying through the 58057 sell stop at the prior consolidation pivot. Look how tight that is. Seven $7 sell stop on almost a $600 stop, right? You're you're risking almost nothing to
[1:12:00] buy on strength here still. Now, as we tighten up here, I'll be honest with you, when I'm do when I'm doing really really well and cranking along and I I'm I'm I had been pretty stagnant. I've had just very minimal exposure until last week, I pushed it from 10% to about 25ish. Um, again, how had I, you know, been had we been in a more active phase, I would just looking at this, I I I often will start to buy right here versus this, right? 600 is that Jesse Livermore mark. It's not only the the Jesse Livermore par, right? at 600. It's also a consolidation pivot. It's happening just as the whole group is turning with Right. So, this is just a hugely powerful setup. I have not done it yet, but I right now I'm I'm watching for that weakness versus 600. Right? You can
[1:13:00] either use a super tight sell stop, not even 12 almost just $11ish at the low of this bar or if you want to get, you know, really crazy, you can let it come all the way back to the prior pivot at 580. And again, $20 on a $600 stock. It's not all that bright. It's $2 on a $60 stock. So, you're still keeping tight, relatively well-managed here. And you're giving it room to move. So, you're able to buy on strength, tight, logical sell stops, and it's all happening more or less in the lower half of the base, very close to the long-term moving averages. Anything you wanted to say, Richard, or I'm good. I think we'll move on. &gt;&gt; No, I I I think we're good. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, moving on to the next one. Same sort of thing, right? We've got our declining tops trend line here. O, that one looks like So, anyway, I could have drawn a sec. I don't There should have been a second one or more
[1:14:00] properly this line and it looked like it might have fallen should have been across these highs here. Regardless, you start to push through that first um declining tops trend line as the moving averages are beginning to turn. Um you're still in, you know, you're still in a downtrend though. You're still stuck in the in the mush of averages. You got the resistance in the way, but now volume comes in. You push solidly through. Um and so this first consolidation pivot, right? And the reason I'm okay, why am I buying strength here? I can look in the back. You can buy looking back to the left. You buy strength once it gets going. It tends to respect the 10day moving average more or less followed by the 21day. So I've got no problem buying here because look where where is our 10? Well, the 21day is a little bit of ways aways on a relative basis, but the 10day is
[1:15:00] I'm sorry that stop at the low of the day. I lost my train of thought. Um, &gt;&gt; you're good. You're just using the &gt;&gt; I I I I I totally lost where I was, but I'll I'll keep it I'll keep it short and sweet. I didn't do this for all of them and probably should. You can still see I just wanted to point out here that even at this 36785 pivot here even though you're not as close to the lows you're still you know 37% off the high there almost 40% you know you're so you're still getting a very early start even at this later consolidation pivot here &gt;&gt; and Russ there's a there's a question from folks for consolidation pivots and entries &gt;&gt; um first first part of the question is do you enter um intraday as the stock is breaking through the level. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Um so yes, &gt;&gt; in general. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yes. I mean if the so
[1:16:00] &gt;&gt; um Oh, I don't have it here, but yeah, the project if the volume's got to be there, right? If I see the projected volume there, I will absolutely buy it. And honestly, if the price action is powerful, even if the volume isn't exactly there and the group is going, I'm always going to favor that powerful price even if the volume's missing a little bit. But yeah, I buy it intraday and then everything I do is on all sell stops are on a closing basis. And the reason I do and there's no right or wrong way. Rye, who I think is probably the best trader on planet earth, uses his intraday. And it's just a matter of neither one. You can do it whatever makes you comfortable, whatever works for you. But you have to do it consistently. You can't go, well, Ross does it, you know, on a closing basis and he does well and Ry does it intraday. So, you know, I'm just going to pick whichever one suits me depending on the day and the setup. You cannot do that. It has to be You got to pick one and use it consistently. Otherwise, your post analysis is worthless. So, you've
[1:17:00] got to create a rule and stick by it. It's got to be consistent. Doesn't matter whether it's intraday um or not. Um I'd say Ry has flat out kicked my ass every year probably for the la the last half a dozen plus years. and he does it intraday. So, I'll just leave it there. If you were to ask I'm gonna assume if you were to ask Mike Webster um because he's he you know Ry does a little more swing trading and that sort of you know Mike um probably waits on a closing basis and the reason for that is if you're a position trader a trend follower the idea is when you are in the market that that trend is powerful enough to sustain your positions right so in bull markets a lot of times you'll see a weak first half of the day and then the rally back on the second half of the day. For me, I was get for my in I was just getting shaken out too many times. So, again, I have a seven or I always have a max sell stop. So, I'm not I'm not going
[1:18:00] to let a um stock fall more than my max seven or eight%, but as long as it's within my range, I don't care if it's below that. I I want to see at the end of the day, are we going to get that last half hour rally to push it back up through? And that happens a lot, especially in a powerful uptrend. And so that's my reasoning. Um, and that's &gt;&gt; Can I jump in with uh part two? Part two of the question was kind of like um is there a time of day that you prefer putting on a position or is it just whenever the stock pushes through the consolidation pivot that's that's when you execute. &gt;&gt; So I will say you know I used yes is the answer. I I just any time of day now. I used to be very particular about that first hour, hour of the day as all those, you know, opening trades come in and that sort of thing. But at the end of the day now, if I see a group that's working in a stock setup and it's within the first five minutes of the day, I don't care. I'm just taking that trade and I'm following my rules. Um, if it's,
[1:19:00] you know, something that's outside of my rules, right? get a big gap, excuse me, a big gap up. I'm not going to chase. Then I'm going to have the patience for it to, you know, come in and and and give me a better spot. &gt;&gt; Do you Is there is there a time of day where you found the best trades you put on you you're typically putting them on? Just curious. This is for me. This is a personal question. Yeah, I I I you know, I would say this if I wasn't long, you know, sometimes I'll wait till the end of the day. So, again, it's going to depend on on the setup. So, let's say I'm watching something and I only want it if it closes above X, Y, and Z. I will wait till the end of the day to even if I could have bought it lower, right? I would rather buy it higher and see that I had the strong close that gives me the confidence, you know, that it continues higher instead of that we might be taking a break, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah, sounds good. I think let's jump to the next example. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And again here on strength I just
[1:20:00] and my point being you've got and it's so funny. I think I saw a comment about um you know when I did my declining tops trend line blog, right? Let's call a spade a spade. It it it's a diagonal line and people and I think someone said it's you know that seems like something so simple with all the tools we have out there. Well, that's the point. The reason I the funny thing is this. Bill O'Neal cheats his way into the cup and handle breakout by drawing a declining tops line across the highs of the handle 5 days, seven days, whatever. And if the volume's there, he cheats his way in through the the DTL on the high rather than waiting for the high of the handle. So I remember I had even asked him about this trend line and he there he had you didn't have much to say about it. It wasn't something he focused on or that he had studied. My observation was that these line right that is seems to my observation is that this line works really well especially your longest term one. So when I'm seeing a launch pad with all the moving averages turning up
[1:21:00] and the declining tops line that's breaking right we're finally pushing through that long-term downtrend. It's our our first potential chance. We've got the moving averages. We've got group action. All of that sort of thing. you can bet your butt I'm gonna buy some strength here. Um, and I'm I'm always willing to buy strength for me closer, you know, in the lower half of the base than I am up here, right? Where the breakout watchers start, you know, you're start to be your competition. And I feel like things seem to be a little bit more calm in the lower half than not always. Sometimes you get a a nice it's just picture perfect. But I have found that, you know, with having to put on, you know, bigger size and giving myself a chance to pyramid in, working my way in once we're through that major downtrend, right? So that tells me we're back into a potential uptrend. Um, the next thing I always look at is Stan Weinstein rules from stage one to stage two. I'm very curious, you know, where
[1:22:00] am I? Where is price relative to moving averages? Am I early? Am I late? And I might start below those averages. I might not. Again, context, environment, all of that matters. But again, here just very simply, you see, you can buy through a you could have bought on the push through the moving averages and con and DTL without even being through the first consolidation pivot. So ideally, you could have bought here and here. And you've got s look, I I don't think I need to point to you where the tight logical sell stops are. there's no there is no shortage of them because you've got all of that support from your moving averages down there. Um yeah and so here I find that you know just buying the strength here my yeah get I don't remember what oh wait no this is actually a recent example right so this is now and my expectation is that this continues higher and if we break underneath the low of that gap um I would tell you this in in that case I would it it depends if we
[1:23:00] break I'm going to start calculating right we break through the low of that gap how much am Am I going to let it go? Am I really going to let it go seven to eight? I'd have to do the measure. Is it only 5% to the 10day or is it 8% to the 10day? Am I? Because if it looks and and and that is where I might break a rule on context because if I'm if I'm starting here and I'm adding here, I'm fine because I've still got cushion. But if I'm starting my position here and it starts falling under the gap intraday, I might not wait for the end of the day close. I would rather be wrong and have to buy it back again in that particular scenario. But anyway, as you can see, the whole the whole idea is I just wanted to point out these are consolidation pivots. They look just like any other pivot lower half of the base. The closer you can get them to a potential launch pad and um you know longerterm moving averages, the better, right? the the more confluences you have between trend lines, consolidation, pivots, moving averages,
[1:24:00] gaps, the the more significant or better that area is. And it can work against you too. It, you know, it's when you right that can be resistance the same. And when you flip push through that resistance and turn it into support, that's a big deal. &gt;&gt; And Ross, could you go to the last slide just one sure second for &gt;&gt; for minutes and then could you zoom in on the recent price action? Um, I just want to have you kind of point out how you draw consolidation pivots just from the very very basics. Uh, how you kind of choose which swing highs to use and yeah, just take it from the top. How did you get to the 7624 and 85 98? &gt;&gt; So, this this would this would be our base pivot right across the top here. And then we'd be watching for if we're doing strict O'Neal, we'd be watching for some sort of breather within 15% of the high as a potential pivot point. So, what I'm doing as we go in falling, we're falling. I think this might have been right. It tries to push up here. Um, this would be first potential,
[1:25:00] right? I I I'd say you could draw a consolidation pivot across here, right? A little bit higher as the next one. And then I'm just going going going if I would say your next potential one. And I don't draw them all. I I will draw them and see which one is is the most. But yeah, the next one would be here drawn from there. And then my next one's going to be from here, right? And then so this there was one here. We went through it, but then we failed, right? So now we've got So that one failed. I mean, you reclaim it, but the new fresh one to me is the 7624. Um, so like I was basically just just to high. Yeah, just to summarize, a swing high is basically a key turning point where the stock consolidates on both sides at least for a few bars. So here the 7624, we moved up to this point, we moved down for three bars. At that point, you can draw the consolidation pivot across and that becomes that that
[1:26:00] key level. And then we move higher and then there's another one here. And that actually lines up with this one, which just kind of adds significance to it. Right, Ross? Uh if multiple consolidation pivots are the same point. &gt;&gt; Y &gt;&gt; absolutely. Yes. And that's why I drew this one was just a little lower and this had the blue bar. This close was higher than this. So I choose I chose this instead of this. &gt;&gt; Cool. &gt;&gt; Just because it's a little bit sooner and a little bit more I consider it more the more relevant better better spot. &gt;&gt; Cool. So uh is that clear for everybody? Give me a yes in the chat if you you guys are are good with drawing consolidation pivots. Just give me a yes in the chat. All right. Perfect. Is anybody not clear yet? Uh give me some nos if you're not clear yet. Okay. All right. We got one no. We got one no. Let's go one one more example step by step. Uh just to walk through it one more time. &gt;&gt; Here we want to go. Okay. We Why don't I just go back one and we'll do it here. Right. So again, the base the the top
[1:27:00] right the very high that that's the one we're trying to get um sooner than within 15% of there. Um, so where you can see, you know, you've got a a DTL that you can draw. And the funny it's almost like every time you break a little declining tops line, right? So this would be my first consolidation and it's still a consolidation pivot there and then here where I have it. Um, so technically, honestly, I could I I'm could have and should have Wait, where's the one? The the one that you just drew, Richard, that I had. Yeah, from here, this one all the way across would have still been relevant and you could have cheated your way in. Right. I I'm going to sit uh the high here or &gt;&gt; I I was doing it from here just because they line up with that. That's just my uh my interpretation &gt;&gt; and and I'll tell you and this goes back to is it uh &gt;&gt; I want to say David Ryan, right? your best fits long and it it you know it makes it like so whichever one where
[1:28:00] you're getting the most right the most touches whatever clearly is that line where support or resistance is is popping up right so your best fits line and and that's why this line is a bit wrong it's not your best the best fit would have been across these highs right so breakout is actually a little bit higher on there not that it matters because I wouldn't use that as an entry anyway because it's within the cluster and it hasn't even really happened yet it's just starting to turn up, right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. And Ross, question about the this 32165 um pivot. Um we're we're a little bit like we push strongly up to it. Is that fine or would you prefer like an inside day, a little bit of contraction before the consolidation pivot or does it depend if like the whole group is turning and pushing together then it's okay to buy a little bit short-term extended? What's what are your thoughts there? &gt;&gt; So because you're just turning off the bottom, you're right. Like if I saw this up here, I'm typically um
[1:29:00] I mean it depends like if you got a gap with a a a relevant low of the day sell stop then fine because that's what's allowing it here because my guess is from 321 to your next relevant moving average probably too far. Um so in this particular case the the low worked out okay. I don't remember but it might have been 5%. I'd have I should I don't have the math here. Um, I'm sorry. What was the the the Oh, yes. So, while this does look extended shortterm because it's just and it is, I'll be honest with you, it almost has that straight up off the bottom through a key level look, but because it was such a powerful move and the group was moving together. I am going, this is one of those, you know, and when it does start to move, it really can get going and respect that 10day moving average. So when I see that right it's a group move it's early on I look at the personality of the stock and so yeah then in in this case that is I would I
[1:30:00] consider that a uh one being selective with buying on strength there that's still fine for me because right you've got the launch pad right below beginning of the all those things I just said y &gt;&gt; and then here makes it much easier right because you've got your &gt;&gt; um prior consolidation pivot just a hair below right that's like going from $36 $6.70 to $35.40. &gt;&gt; And just because it's one more good example, again, look at look at how this recent turn started where we we've got this pink bar with a really poor close. What do we expect to happen? Maybe a test of this prior low. Instead, we've got a very we've got a gap up that held. It's a very subtle unfilled gap right here. And Ross, maybe you could just zoom in. Sorry. on uh &gt;&gt; it's funny just so you guys know my my when you go what do I expect to happen like and not even just here but in all of those I go excuse my French 200 day on the way up right like you see these things getting pounded you're like oh boy here it comes and and then that's
[1:31:00] the bottom right so &gt;&gt; yep you've said before once you start considering shorting that's probably the low and that's how it goes so Ross could you zoom in a little bit on just the recent price action so I can uh just uh My other one, if you're ever sure enough to buy an option, you're wrong. &gt;&gt; Nice. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Cool. So, uh, yeah, I just wanted to point out this subtle unfilled gap. That's what led to this most recent powerful move and now we're tightening and we'll see what happens around this pivot. When a stock is approaching consolidation pivot, I'm like expecting a little bit of gains. It depends on what's what's happened. Uh, but we'll we'll see how this uh this get gets handled here. H. Yeah, perfect. Yeah, I think that I think that's good. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, basic every time it comes around, right, it looks like we're trying to form maybe some sort of double bottom base. We don't fit and we just fall. So, that right comes the but that becomes your consolidation pivot here. Oh, look, we've drifted. It looks like
[1:32:00] we're finally going to curb up and around, right? Nope. But that's your next most significant swing high. And so, and I'll be honest with you, it it it'll take a little practice and then before you know it, they'll start popping up all over the place. And I I will say also when I'm looking sometimes I will go back to all the way back here. If I'm not finding something relevant a lot of times you'd be surprised how these lines from back here. I'm not going to draw them now just for fun. I do it all the time just to see if you know this line lines up with it. You'd be surprised how many how many of the lines over here will line up with sign something significant to the left. So, let me uh shrink this back down. And we going to continue on now, Rich? &gt;&gt; Yeah, let's do it. &gt;&gt; All right. So, entering constructive weakness. Very simply, I want to see constructive action like we said, tight, light volume, um drift into a key level
[1:33:00] of support, right? Can be anything. Just like we discussed before, it can be a a moving average, top of a prior base, a gap, whatever it is, a significant prior level. I want to see that it looks like the selling is is slowing down and some buyers are getting ready to step in. It's possibly under accumulation is right. What that tight price act, not always, but often lets you know that after a stock moves up a bit and starts to go tight sideways on light volume, typically under it's a sign of accumulation. So I just wanted to point out here. So while so this one I consider this constructive right we we come in sharply but we shake out below the 23 21 close back above. Now we start to I mean almost mini VCP right flagish. We we start to tighten up. We get our shorter term declining tops line. So to me, even though the So if this showed perfect
[1:34:00] holds of that purple line, I'd be buying versus the purple line. I'd see I'd want to see how far does it typically shake below and then set a sell stop accordingly. I just wanted to point out here after this constructive weakness this first bit of strength even though you're below the 21day I doesn't matter to me as long as and if I remember correctly the not only was the software sector turning but cyber security in general was spec was particularly strong and this is our cyber security ETF so again that was the environment context surrounding this so it's even though it's it's the first sign of strength after weakness So, I don't know. Is it weakness? Is it strength? This is still more of a it that first sign of strength after constructive weakness. I still consider that more of a a buy on constructive weakness than strength. Um, it's really a little bit of both. Here's a little bit more obvious, right? And this is a
[1:35:00] Bill O'Neal thing. You get a first stage breakout. Um, first pullback to the 50-day. first go back to the first to the 50-day on a big vault on a big leader in an early stage base is almost always a buy, right? So again, here we I see the stock holds the 50-day. My guess is I we're not I can't see here to the left. The 50-day was relevant. So now as it starts to hold that 50-day moving average, right, we saw it hold here. We know it's a relevant moving average from to the left. It's tightening up. You can start to enter versus the moving average, right? And even if you did it here, the beautiful thing is even on these shakes all the way below, trust me, it it takes a lot of patience to buy here, watch it gap up, and then have to sit through this. I've learned how to do it. But it it it it took some pain, some right and what it really took is me looking at what I'm doing, figuring out
[1:36:00] where did I enter, where did I exit, why, right? that post analysis is how I ultimately came up with, you know, what I'm doing here. So, um, first pullback to the 50 maybe here, you know, second pullback is still fine, too, and you haven't really gone anywhere. So, I'm just thinking right at this point, any of these touches of the 50-day with that, you know, 2 to 3% below, if it makes sense, you know, given how far it falls below here and here, that is, uh, ideal. So tight light, right? Look at the volume. Nice tight light volume action. Again here, look what happens as it tightens up at the 50-day volume dries up significantly. &gt;&gt; And so that you know, you've got your constructive action at a key moving average. &gt;&gt; And Ross, what does entering versus the 50-day mean? Are you buying versus the 50-day? Yeah. So yeah, versus So as it's coming in, like I said, I I want to be no more than a percent within, right? I want to be within I want to be within two pennies of the 50-day if I can. But
[1:37:00] let's say it's coming in and I'm looking at an intraday chart. It looks like it's starting to turn and I'm 7% away. I may just start my position 7% above which gives me a little less wiggle room, right, than if I started. 2% above. I try to keep it within a percent so I can give it, you know, 2% below the average to wiggle around is kind of my my thoughts there. And and just one um really good resource I'd recommend for people looking more on pullbacks. Uh Charles Harris did an awesome presentation a few years ago for the Trailine Conference about how he he buys breakouts, but also the pullbacks, the upside reversals, exactly how Ross is talking about today. So, I'll send that link in um in the email when I send the replay. Uh but I think that's I highly recommend as well. Let me know in the chat if anybody has watched that. But that's a really good video as well to review. Yeah. And I mean, listen, I you know, Chris Catcher, I used to sit in
[1:38:00] his office and watch him trade these crazy momentum stocks off the 10day moving average, and he just sell them as soon as they broke. And that worked really well for the market he was trading at that time. But my point being is when you see this and you see this almost vertical big move way up off the 10day, sell a little bit proactively, right? You don't even have to buy it back at the 10day. and then you know leave it alone, put some profits in the bank and like so that's what this is advanced this is a more advanced thing selling proactively looking to buy it back potentially on a on a constructive pullback and that's what Richard was just saying Charles does and I try and do um I do it I I do less fancy the older I get the less fancy I am so to me that's kind of fancy if it's a I have to be really in tune with the stock and kicking kicking butt on everything I do with it for me to do something like that if If it's just like I'm I'm just happy to be holding on, paying attention to my rules, and not letting my emotions get in the way, then so be it. You I'm not
[1:39:00] going to add to that or try and sell it proactively or any of that stuff. I'm just going to leave it alone. So again, entering on weakness. So, DTLS, declining tops lines, I think, you know, they have for me, they start off the most steep and then they start to get more and more shallow as you get to that longest term most relevant one in this case, right? This one here instead of here's our shortest most shallow one. But if you notice, um, we had the big push and here like that that same sort of thing, the expectation breaker to the upside. We begin to tighten up. We move up huge. Now watch what happens as we come in and tighten up right at the average. Look at volume si. There's not any sellers. And then notice we start to see the upside volume coming in at exactly the right place. And again, we sell off tighten up. And so you could have probably started and again
[1:40:00] depending on where I am in my account and assuming this was an earlier stage base. This one's getting a little penalty from me right now because I think it's stage four. I'd have to go back and check. It's either stage three or four. Um, so I'm not going to immediately start doing this. But now that I've seen it tighten up, hold, we've got more constructive action right now. I'm I've got no problem buying versus uh the 50-day moving average with, you know, two to three% below. And notice it barely dips below. Volume dries up and then boom, you've got the again, notice volume coming back in on the big moves to the upside. I mean, this is one of those picture perfect big blue small pink. We're drifting into the 10day and the declining tops line. So, again, you could be watching to try and buy the stock versus the 10day with sell stops at the purple or blue line. You know, that simple, right? as long as it remains constructive by as close to the green line as you can with sell stops at
[1:41:00] and a lot of times I try not to do if I can have too tight sell stops rather than go all or not you know I I I'll break it up between the tell 50% at the tightest one and then half the other half at the next one moving on to I think this is our final example again another semiconductor stock. And these I typically stay away from. This is uh an ADR, right? Which is why we have all the crazy gaps in here. I have seen quite a few very liquid, powerful ADRs that trade this way. I typically don't like to do it, but when they still have this overall organized form and they really move and it's plenty liquid, right? 13 million shares on average. And not surprisingly, it looks like the SNH. It looks like the other semiconductor stocks, right? We're
[1:42:00] having another launchpad. We went from wider and loose action. We start to tighten up as we move up the right side. And again, if you wanted to get really tricky, and sometimes I don't do it all the time, but again, semiconductor stock, assuming this one, let's say the the sponsorship just looked like it was exploding, estimates were huge, and the story is, you know, we have to have UMC's technology for blah blah blah, you know, something like that. I will start accumulating here versus right as it we're beginning to turn up versus that 65day moving average with you know maybe even a one or two percent sell stop because I I just want to keep it tight and I don't care if I'm wrong because I can buy it back elsewhere is not always I there are times where I've sold something thinking oh I can just buy it back and then I get squeezed out but that happens much less often than than the other way where I if you're patient take a deep breath and uh you know take
[1:43:00] your time. But again here I this is more of an anticipatory buy and I will do this as well tight consolidation into the 10day and you could start buying here right I'm so the the whole group is doing this right so when I see the group again and that's the the personality of the stock this is essentially a cup and low handle right I don't care that it's a low handle because as we discussed before we're seeing the tight action we're starting to see accumulation in the right place the group is moving. We've got the um launchpad going, high relative strength, so on and so forth. So, I just love and not to mention you can buy versus the um purple and orange line and you know, you've got the rest of the cluster beneath you. So, it's just to me this is a significant area of support. I'm going to start below the declining tops line, below the 50we or I'm sorry, 50-day which is stands 10
[1:44:00] week. So, I'm cheating here. And this is super early because we're still below the DTL as well as the stage two moving averages for it to be official. Um, let's say you would miss this. Let's say you didn't anticipate here. Well, you can do it again here. Look, volume. I mean, talk about big blue, small pink, you get a giant push, volume dries up to almost almost nothing. You touch the 10day. I mean, you can buy it here versus the 10day. Keep it super tight. One to two%. Either it holds or it doesn't. You'd be surprised how many times I did and the thing just holds and it'll, you know, let's say you buy 5 percent here, you put on another 5 percent, maybe it doesn't become a 20 or 30%. You know, the setup will also determine how, right? Sometimes you're going to be able to get bigger earlier. Um, but I'll tell you what, if you're able to buy a 10% position in a liter and hold it for most of its run, it it it it's still significant enough to add to your portfolio. The problem is if you only have two or 3%, you know, it goes
[1:45:00] up 100%, who cares? You're only adding a couple, you know, you're only adding 2% to your portfolio. &gt;&gt; Can I jump in with a question, Ross? &gt;&gt; Oh, sure. Sure. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, uh, there are a few questions about how you keep track of all this stuff. So, maybe walk through a little bit about how you set alerts so you're ready when a stock is approaching a pocket pivot or sorry, a consolidation pivot or approaching a key moving &gt;&gt; So, this is one thing that I have done since the beginning of time. It's probably the most efficient, timeconsuming, and crazym making thing that I do all day. And in a busy market, it I have time to do nothing else except set and reset alerts as things are moving around. So on my most, you know, the stocks that that on on my focus list and and then some the ones that I I'm putting tight moving averages, I'm right clicking set moving average above, right click, moving set moving average below. just right right above and below if it's at a significant area I always want to know where that
[1:46:00] excuse me stock is and probably other stocks in the group I do the same thing and I am resetting if you saw me do it you'd be like Ross I don't know how you do that that's why you have so little hair right that that's probably a lot that has so I I do a very tedious manual process of constantly setting alerts above and below the current price as a stock approaches what I consider a significant level if it's setting up. Um, if you were to go through all of my set alerts, I was looking, it's amazing. I have, you know, for most of my stocks, the ones that I'm watching really closely, there's two alerts for each one, and I know where those alerts are. They're very I set alerts most of the time. The alerts that I set are not at key points that I'm only going to buy at. It's to let me know, whoop, stock's on the move. Stock you're watching is on the move, either up, either down. If it's down, I'm immediately what's the rest of the group doing? What's the rest of the group doing? Oh, and then I might do set. So, I am running screens, updating
[1:47:00] my watch list, and setting and resetting alerts to a point that I think would make just about I don't honestly it's it's crazy making um but that is that is how I do it is just manually my process and that is how I know where rotation is and because I do this all day every day for the last you know almost 30 years it's impossible to not know where everything is and so and that's also a big part of why I Okay, get in a a habit of consistently running screens and updating your watch list. There's to me that's the best thing you can do to have the health of the market in your mind and know where the rotation is going. &gt;&gt; How many stocks at any given time do you have alerts set and you're you're updating &gt;&gt; on my tighter I have two long watch list. I have a larger environment long watch list and then I have my tighter focus list for my uh newsletter. I have
[1:48:00] roughly 50 to 60 stocks on my newsletter list. Not all of them are alerted, but I would say I I've in general I've got to have around a hundredish. I try never to let it get over a hundred because it's just I've done it. I I mean I can't tell you on what you know sit and try and I've let it get to 300. It's impos I mean try it's just so I try to keep it to a 100 or less but in general I have 50 to 100 alerts that I'm managing throughout the day. &gt;&gt; Yeah I I joked in the chat you've stress tested DU alerts quite a bit. So &gt;&gt; yeah I mean well that you know that was the whole thing when we were doing it when Ryan and I first to Sienna like alert right you remember alerts are super important to me. I need I need alerts to work how I they used to work, right? &gt;&gt; How you work? Yep. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Now they're, you know, now it's just even better. You know, we've got a a great app for keeping track of alerts
[1:49:00] on the dashboard and all that fun stuff. So, yeah. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Let's push on because we we still have a bunch to cover. So, keep it going. &gt;&gt; Combo tactics. I just wanted to show here sometimes the stock trait, right? You might get a little wide and loose action. Um and you may you and just because you can still buy strength here because it's that first sign of strength after um you know holding a key moving average right you've got very tight sell stops below and that tight logical stops is always you know so if I've got a new stock in a in a hot group that I can buy on strength as long as I have a tight logical stop I'm an O'Neal guy I'm not going to take it every time but I like to buy strength if I can it I don't know That's a habit I've gotten into. But I won't go through every single point here. But I my point is here that you can have a stock that you that you know ch you know changes personality a bit. I wouldn't say wide and loose, but wider and looser as it tightens up. And so
[1:50:00] there are points where you can buy this one on strength that I still consider early with very tight logical stops and anticipation of this is one of these tight things. I have I don't own any of this, but this is one of those things where I would start to anticipate versus right this 16 I'd call it $16, right? Just give it the the seven cents wiggle room. Um, and so to me, this is your first sign of strength last Thursday. It looks like this one, you know, we'll see. It looks like it's trying to work its way off of here in which you could buy strength again, but you could be accumulating ver. So, I just wanted to point out this one's got a mixed personality and so you use a combination of tactics. It really the only thing that matters is the, you know, healthy constructive price action and where's your sell stop relative to your entry. Okay, one more combo tactic and this is also a recent one. We're looking at SpaceX
[1:51:00] here. Um, and I actually, these are actually trades that I have taken. I started buying SpaceX. I actually started it really early. I want to say on this first 23-day touch, but as with the 50-day developed and we pushed up above, I made my my next ad was here, I think. And again, this was very teenytiny. I was keeping minimal exposure. I just wanted to own some SpaceX. So, that was the one I was willing to, you know, start accumulating. So, I did I I got it to um if I'm not mistaken just under 10% here. I made the mistake of adding teenytiny. Thank goodness I did. I added tiny here. So, of course, you know, by the time it's here, I'm losing patience, right? I'm barely up on it. But again, I I've left it alone. And again, I managed to Right. It pushed up here. didn't really get going, but notice volume has kind of tapered off.
[1:52:00] We're tightening up the last three days right above the 2123. We've got the 14470 pivot. So, I added small again on Friday. So, now I've got this to up to closer to 15%. However, I'm like barely up on it, but because all of this to me, this thing still looks like it's tightening up and coiling overall. It's still very early. call it a, you know, V-shaped low cup and handleesque formation. The bottom line, as Richard and I were discussing before, right, you've got this change off the bottom here. We're clear. Look at the the power in this of these moves, not to mention the volume that ultimately pushes it. We reclaim the averages. We only shake below, right? We've only got one close below that purple line since. And so that's why I've been buying versus the purple line. I did it here. I added here. I
[1:53:00] made the I made the mistake because I can't I can't help myself of adding very because I know I'm I I I'm likely going to be sorry. I added very small there. Um screwed up my average anyway. And again, like I said, I've just been, you know, it's been very frustrating. I added again on Friday. Um and we'll see what happens. So this is another one that again um I've added both on in anticipation on constructive weakness. I added tiny on a little bit of strength and you know so far so good my um 23-day line has been keeping me in and because I operate on a closing basis that's what has kept me in even though we you know shook below down there below there a couple of days last week. There are some questions about the uh 14470 consolidation pivot. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's not Oh, by the way, that so what I did here, there really isn't one, right? So, the the consolidation pivot really is here, which comes above. It's the it it aligns with the 10day and on
[1:54:00] strength, I want to see it go through there. That's the next area I'm watching. I should have drawn that what I drew here. So, what I'm watching I want I just wanted to see remember I said if I can't find something here and honestly I could call this a consolidation pivot and have drawn it over because not only do you get So to me this is a consolidation pivot but what I did is I went to this I just wanted to see what else lined up. So I looked far to the left and I saw we had the this is a gap which also lined up with that consolidated. So it that's why I said like originally this is your consolidation pivot, but I looked to the left and it just lined up so nicely with this gap and resistance here and everything else. To me, I just drew that as an e as an extra line. If you didn't have the gap here, this line would have been at the high on this pink day here to use just to give myself an extra right the confluence. I want to I want to, you know, I want to see what is
[1:55:00] there for, you know, what how much support do I really have there? So, that's actually a great question. Um, I chose to draw it there just because I looked to the left of this consolidation pivot and I just thought this was more of your best fits line and it included everything. &gt;&gt; Sounds good. &gt;&gt; Awesome. So here this is current setup CBRS AI chip stock. So notice I have the circle here. So this is one I wanted to show. Right, we're now starting to we we're 50 days turning up. 23 10 21. I can't tell. I'd have to look. It looks like the 65 day is at least flattening out and turning up. It's somewhat not an official VCP but somewhat VCPish as we narrow right as that trend right we get that bit of a triangle as the moving averages converge I drew a very short term right rising
[1:56:00] bottoms line bar again very short term you get a couple touches here none here and so what I'm watching for here I'm not buy I'm not inclined to buy any weakness or an anticipation yet the earliest I would do it potentially is through the 21321. But to be quite honest with you, as a Bill O'Neal guy, I would much rather either wait for strength on the way through 22550 because it's through your longer term declining tops line and a more a much more relevant uh consolidation pivot, right? You're through the confluence of both. I'd rather because right now this to to me this is a lagard because I'm watching every other se you know big leading semiconductor stock um has already pushed up and through doesn't mean this is a lagard it may just still have to go um and it may also just fail here right that's why you don't buy it yet so to the extent right that's why it's still stand slim right there's still all of those can slim rules I'm just following
[1:57:00] many of the same rules lower down in the base and making sure you know instead of buying a classic base breakout where Bill did the study. If you buy a stock that a leading stock that meets all the CAN slim requirements out of a first stage base, if it's breaking through the high of that handle, seven out of 10 times that stock should never fall more than seven to 8% below that pivot point. And that is where that original seven or 8% came from. Additionally, once you get past 8%, you know, 10% and more, the rebound the the the to to make your money back to get back to even becomes, you know, exponentially more difficult um once you're in those double digits. So, I try to keep it 7 to 8% max. Um 3 to 5% ideally. Um so, again, here I'm actually waiting to buy strength. Let's say it just let's say a story comes out it gaps up and gone &gt;&gt; my next so I would be watching this here as right this was a relevant
[1:58:00] consolidation pivot that failed so this will still be important as well as the next one here so when I go back you know as this starts to make progress assuming it does I'll be drawing a consolidation pivot here and most likely here rather rather than here just be now if it wasn't for the DTL I would probably choose the higher line with the higher close but because the high of this line is right touching that declining tops line that still works for me you can cheat your way in through this one because you've got the confluence of the consolidation pivot and the DTL no need to wait for this one which doesn't offer much resistance anyway so that's my thoughts on right drawing one here and then here. And honestly, you could draw if it makes sense and you need another level. Sometimes I'll draw both. Sometimes it may, you know, it gets stuck in between both and you can um come up with a a a a
[1:59:00] valid trade with a tight logical stop there. So, these are the lines I'm, you know, watching for now. Our very short-term rising bottoms line, our few declining tops lines. I'd really like to see big volume push up through the confluence of both this 22550 consolidation pivot and the longer term DTL assuming the chips are going and all of that. Um you know this isn't if I'm not m this AI related chip stock right Rich so that that trade is back on too. So this this has got all of the uh hot keywords going along with it too. So &gt;&gt; and there are some questions about how you draw your declining tops lines. How do you pick which swing highs to to use to draw them? &gt;&gt; So, in the same way, you can draw them from any I so for me, I draw them from any consolidation pivot that makes sense, right? The longest term one's going to be from that highest point on the left and then, you know, anything that makes sense along the way. So, this
[2:00:00] um right, I can draw a declining tops line here and use it as we go through the DTL and the 50-day, right? that ultimately fails and becomes no longer in but do you see what I'm saying? So I would have drawn it from here across here and here. I would have drawn one from here. Right? And I I see sometimes where the steeper longer term one and the other one line up and I try to right. So I try to draw all relevant lines declining tops lines from the high the relevant consolidation pivots and then any relevant potential levels where I can draw a consolidation pivot. And that is basically what I'm using as my my areas for support and resistance to enter and set sell stops along with the &gt;&gt; Yeah, thank you. &gt;&gt; That good? &gt;&gt; So here just another current setup in general this Okay, so this is an
[2:01:00] unhealthy big pink slams through the 50-day, but what do you know? get support at the 65day line. Okay. Well, I I don't know. 65 day line. I can look to the left. I It just But now that I It holds, right? You I expected it to continue to break below. But again, it holds. It holds again. Here it breaks below and then closes back above. To me, that's telling you it doesn't want to go below that 65day moving average. So, if I'm paying close attention and I I love a stock and I want to get but this is and if I were to really start any here after it's proven to me that it wants to hold this line even though this is ugly I'm going to start I mean 5% max maybe only two and a half to 3% just to but that way if I'm wrong and it undercuts this low and so you know if I do that it undercuts that low I'm not waiting intraday if I buy here and it rolls over and undercuts that low
[2:02:00] intraday, I'm gone, right? I'm not I'm not going to let it turn into a big loser. That's that's a no no. So, um, other than that, let's say you didn't do that. And I'll be honest with you, that that that's, you know, it's a risky spot, but you it's it's manageable. I mean, you the your only risk is gap down risk, right? Let's say that was dead wrong and then it gaps lower and heads to the 200 day. So, I'm just saying that is still potentially viable. Um, you've got your first declining tops line and I because we're still under this shallower one and still the longer term one, I'm not in a hurt, right? But we did push through the DTL, the sh the sharpest shortest one, the 50-day moving average, and the 23-day exponential. If I was going to buy a strength, it's that's not a bad place to buy ver, you know, above
[2:03:00] the 23 sell stop at the 50-day. Could absolutely have done that or if you didn't feel like buying the strength after, you know, gap up, gap up. Um, and sometimes I don't right after that. And sometimes it might just go without you and I I'd have to pick to a spot to buy it higher. But in this case, it's willing to show us that it like at the 65 here, it's showing um respect for the 23 and 50-day. So now you can start, right? I think it's pretty safe to start buying versus the 23 and 50-day with a couple cent stop below to anticipate and then I will again look how this moves on once it gets going on strength. So, because it's liquid and it can move move and typically respects its short-term moving averages, I got no problem buying this as it pushes up through I didn't label it this final um consolidation pivot above its longer longest term
[2:04:00] declining tops line. And again, if you have if you have a great feeling on a right, it depends on how you feel. If you're in tune with it, um you can start it even earlier. Again, if you feel like you have the edge and you're risk managed, you're fine to do it. Right? My when I see this, if I've already started here, now that I've got a good start, I'm probably I I want to see it show me that I can live above the DTL in this consolidation pivot here. &gt;&gt; And there's a question, Ross, and maybe this is like a larger concept about um and of course semis are kind of relevant for this. Why might you trade a stock that's still that is technically, you know, O'Neal stage four, five? What would kind of keep you focused on those type of names? &gt;&gt; So, in this case, and again, the only ones that I'm doing it is it's the memory stocks. They were big big winners. Now, they're late stage bases, but they are all they have all they're constructive late stage bases. So, there's that. Um, and I
[2:05:00] would say when I was younger and this really stung me, I wasn't paying attention. I'd buy and some of them work. Some late stage bases fail before they ever break out, but some will break out and when I was younger and and I just didn't know. I was like, "Woohoo!" And then you, you know, it it one day you come in and that entire breakout is erased. And then that's what you know that that that's the pain you learn. And then Bill or whoever's like, "Well, Ross, you that thing's gone from, you know, $16 to $190." And it's a little bit wide and loose here. And it's a late stage base. And, you know, that didn't and I'll be honest with you, they the study that showed that the latest stage bases, stage three and stage four are significantly more failureprone, that was done after I had left. So, it wasn't, you know, it was part of um I I learned the hard, you know, I definitely learned the hard way. I would have for as much money as we all made in
[2:06:00] 98, 99, and 2000. Um I think we we all got out at the top 2000 again. It was like 2008. The leadership just disappeared. You didn't have to be a genius. You just have to follow Bill's rules. There were no setups. I mean, everything was topping, rolling over, breaking. You couldn't find a single thing to buy. I mean, you don't you don't have to be that smart. You just have to follow the most basic rules that happened in 2000 and 2008. It was it was obvious. Um, what was I'm sorry, Richard. What was the question? &gt;&gt; I'll I'll kind of give my answer for you and that might help it. So, the answer was like, why might you still be focused on the semis because they're they're late stage bases. It's because it's it's the leading group, right? That &gt;&gt; Well, those semis I would tell you aren't late stage. I'm going to tell you that only the memory stocks are. And I'll take you through the semis. I think we went through through them that you've got a lot of them that are late. They look later stage, but they're base on bases or it's a later stage base that undercut a prior consolidation. So even though a lot of the semis have had huge
[2:07:00] moves already and look like they may be done, I'm going to tell you a lot of them are only in second stage bases. &gt;&gt; So &gt;&gt; cool. I think that's good. And uh yeah, let's jump to the next slide. I know &gt;&gt; as far Yeah. And as far as the memory go just because that whole group was going it was big leaders and I will say it doesn't have it's tightened up and be became constructive again. So what I do is rather than just so what I used to do is I would just ignore it forget it. I'll go on to something I know has higher probabilities. The same thing I used to do the same thing with cups without handles or cups with wedging handles. I'd ignore them and move on to a more proper pattern. And then over time I go, Mike Charles, I'm seeing a lot of cups break out without handles. How about you? Yeah. Okay, maybe we should look at that. Oh, by the way, I've noticed um quite a few wedging handles that broke out and work too, right? So, you there's nuance. You have to keep that, you know, keep that in mind. So rather than being too all
[2:08:00] ornone, I go okay um SanDisk, MU, the the the memory stocks, those are clearly late stage bases. they don't continue to be. So they have elements of trying to rebuild and big big leaders can go on for I mean the Ciscos, the Apples, the Amazons of the world and I'm not trying to hold through you know pullbacks to the 200 day but I am just trying to give benefit to the overall larger picture. So I'll keep in mind that that group is much more failureprone. So I will size and set stops accordingly. but to ignore I've ignored too many things that I've just decided nope that's wrong and I was wrong. So as long as I can manage the risk and I feel like there's enough right I you know other than a gap down it's fine. If I have my my edge my risk and I understand what's going on and I um you know size and set my sell stops accordingly that's fine. &gt;&gt; Nice. That's a golden nugget. That that
[2:09:00] was great for everybody watching the recording. re-watch that because that was excellent. All right, Ross, let's push on here because we still have to talk risk management here. &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. &gt;&gt; Let's dive in &gt;&gt; very quickly. There's two main levers to managing risk. Your sell stops, right? I think we've done enough there. Tight logical sell stops, ideally between two to 5%. Never ever ever more than 8%. So even if you're if you've got a you know you're trying to wait for an inch uh the end of the day sell stop. If you've got a stock that just fell, you know, 8 n% and it's just not even giving you a you do not wait for for the close. You get out of the way with that max seven eight, you know, try and keep it to 8% because at least at that point um it's not impossible to make that money back and of course it will have been the overall impact on the portfolio should be minimal overall you know against everything else. So that's the idea there. You want to have max stop 7 to 8%. Keep in mind that 7 to 8% is not
[2:10:00] just mathematic but because that is that 7 to 8% is what Bill found that your leading can right your early stage cancelling stock at the beginning of a move that meets all of the characteristics of can slim should never fall more than seven to eight% from the high of that handle. That is really how that number came into play for Bill. And it just so happens that is also the magic number where the math gets very difficult if you let your losses fall much below. The other way to manage is position size. Right? So with the ones that are later um stage like the SanDisks and Mus of the world and you know this is the other way to do it. how much right you can and again you can take a big position if you've got a small stop and that's the idea of keeping it to within two to 5% you can you know you can build big positions you can honestly you can even take a 20 or
[2:11:00] 25 position percent position at key support and if you're keeping it to two to 3% you're still you know not risking that much of your account so the math is very important and your progress is very important and position right so position size will be. Again, it's going to be smaller for something that's later stage, but you're pushing it on, but feel like it might still go and don't want to make a call. Oh, I'm just going to ignore this. Um, so you'll size it smaller and make sure that it's your your entries are where tight stops are. You don't touch it, right? You don't you don't just buy it to buy it because you think it's going to rip without you. You if you can't manage risk on the way in, you're gambling. Bottom line. So, &gt;&gt; and Ross, before you jump to the next slide, um, how much of your account do you think on typically you would risk on a promising setup? The market is right. How much of your account do you think you're you're willing to to &gt;&gt; So, let's say I'm Let's say I'm starting fresh for the year, January 1. I I think
[2:12:00] I would probably start, you know, with that 1%ish risk, but then like it dep if I've got a good start to the year and I'm up 30 40 50% in the first, you know, few months of the year and I have a lot of, you know, it's a I have a lot of conviction in the group the stock because of exact so on and so forth, I might let it take two or 3% off the top, right? Um, it just depends. But in general, I think 1% is is a good way to start. And if that if that costs you sleep, remember Bill sell down to the sleeping point. That is a Bill O'Neal quote. You should never be losing sleep over your stocks. Then 1% might not be comfortable for you. Take it smaller until until you can be comfortable with holding a stock. You don't want to be there with anxiety in your chest going to, you know, not being able to go to sleep at night. Um, so yeah, I I from a flat account 1% and then if I'm doing well and I have big conviction, I I'll let it take two or 3%
[2:13:00] off the top if if I have to. &gt;&gt; Yep. Sounds good. And and just to point this out, you know, everybody watching this, you have your own personal risk tolerance. You have your own experience level. So, uh, if you're newer to this, there there's no problem with risking 0.5%. Instead of 1%. It's about finding what works for you. And you could still have larger sizes. You just have to use the stop-loss and your size and that equation to get something that works out for for for your I think there's a fantastic slide, Ross. This is this is probably the most important slide uh for everybody here today. So, uh yeah. Anything else you want to expand on here? I think you covered it pretty well. &gt;&gt; Yeah. No, that's it. So, that you know, those are your two main levers. And, you know, with experience and time, it it it becomes natural. you start just seeing your entry and your sell stop on, you know, and you sometimes you got to do a little math, but after drawing enough lines on charts, it just it'll just pop out at you. So, but no, there that's really that's really it. Um,
[2:14:00] and so, you know, back to this cake example. Um, you know, we're just talking about managing risk versus key level of support in this case, you know, so it could be on top of a a prior base or consolidation, right? So maybe a stock pulls back to the top of a base. in this case, we're pushing up through the confluence of two key moving averages that are just turning to the upside. Um so for me, right, this is risk management versus a moving average. It's never really versus the moving average. So, even if I buy something a little bit, let's say a percent above or let's say I have a consolidation and I'm using a moving average, I try never to make the moving average my actual sell stop. I always want to try and give it a little room below. So, I'm always building that in. Um, which is why I say 2 to 3% below. But let's say you were buying through I'm just saying 10580 and this declining tops line. Um
[2:15:00] I I try to keep my sell stops when I say at a moving average I roughly right that's I I will give them some wiggle room. And how do I know if a stock I look to the left if it's one it's personality shows that it shows like crystal clear respect for a moving average great. But if it's one that dribbles below every once in a while like many do I try to re I try to leave room for that. But that is the the basic idea. risk managing risk at a key moving average or any major um support level. I love to do it on a liquid high relative strength stock because these are the ones you can put on, you know, 10 20%. Your risk is super tight and logical. You can be you could literally be wrong, you know, two, three times, have to buy it a third or fourth time even on strength, right? Like say I anticipated it wrong and eventually it pushes and goes, that's a fine, too. So, um, but that is essentially what we're talking about, right? Same thing here, managing versus the 65day if you were to
[2:16:00] do that. um it's not right at the line. You want to give it a little wiggle room. So, prior pivot. Uh okay. So, this is a little bit. So, this one is versus this is versus the declining tops line and I just picked the 50-day because look, it doesn't matter. You can pick the 23, the 50. pick a relevant moving average in that cluster if you're going to buy the breakthrough above the cluster and the declining tops line. Now, if let's say you you're waiting till we get through at least this 58057 consolidation pivot, well, perfect. You can buy 580 with the sell stop at the prior consolidation pivot 57324. That is a super tight stop and you get to buy uh you know strength straight through a key
[2:17:00] moving or I'm sorry a consolidation pivot point and I love right and and I've noticed relative to some base breakouts you get you get a lot less retesting at the bottom than you do when all the breakout watchers are are all you know hawking a stock. Um and again similarly here um you're buying through 600 and like I said you can use the prior consolidation pivot as a sell stop but if I can I always try and find something in between. So the low here, so if I were to buy versus 600, I'm saying maybe, you know, h I'm half wrong at 588.92 and I hold half to that next consolid, right? That next consolidation pivot, especially if you know it's one that I bought through, I'll be watching it uh you know, prior closely because I already have a position on. Um, so yeah, just very simply, you know, if your prior pivot is your closest, most
[2:18:00] logical sell stop rather than a moving average, that's what you're going to use. If it's the top of a prior consolidation, that's what you're going to use. If you Oops. If you can find a re right in this, we tighten up here even though we shake below. So to me, we gap up now versus 600. To me, really the low here is your your relevant stop. But if you wanted to give it some more wiggle room, you give it the extra to 58057. So that's kind of what I'm looking at there. I think it tightens up ultimately around 600 and goes and I'd really like to not see it dip below 58892. Although, right, so I'd only sell half because we've got moving averages catching up. I still think there's a good chance it holds 58057 if it didn't ultimately hold here. I wouldn't want to necessarily just throw it all away. All righty. And then again here you can see I mean this is uh simple and this is what I was talking about here. Um look
[2:19:00] you this technically is a I always say you want to you got to have at least a couple days. So you would buy through this. There's got to be at least one day in between I think. Right. So and notice this line goes all the way across. And notice that winds up being a pretty solid um line. Right. We get support here, we ultimately break below, we get stuck, we get Right. And that seems to be so as we tighten up around there, I just extend that all the way across to see where it comes. And so to me, that's still um relevant $905 if you want to. And because we're almost at $1,000, $5 on $900 is almost nothing. I would just in my brain I'm calling that 900, right? I'm not gonna sweat $ five dollars on a $900 stock, especially if my Jesse Livermore $900 par is there. So, this becomes relevant and then I go, okay, 900. I'm going to give it to 900. Right,
[2:20:00] that gives it a little bit more wiggle room. Um, but anyway, right. So, you get to buy on strength through 925 and that is your next most I mean you can draw them anywhere but to me that was your next most um relevant sell stop and it also just so happens to be on this miny almost minor almost irrelevant rising bottoms line here. So again, this is, you know, we'll see as it's tightening up. I guess you can almost call this VCPish on strength as it blasts through the 92544, right? With sell stop, you know, I'd be looking at 900. Um yeah, I mean, what is that a few percent on on that stock? Yeah. Yeah. So, this one I'm just um I'm watching for strength and it would be the confluence of the consolidation pivot and this rising bottoms line that you know gives me my very shortterm stop there. And that way I can be wrong and but yeah, I can be wrong a few times if
[2:21:00] I have to be and buy it again not always higher but at a better at a better more manageable point. And then here the launchpad and this doesn't always have right so there's the launchpad I don't call it a setup right to me a setup is always going to have something actionable in this case you've got the launchpad happen with the consolidation pivot it's really the confluence of both and you can buy um as it pushes above the I mean it has right the launch pad is almost for is right you've got it right here I should say right you got the volume's tightened up. No, I'm sorry. The averages tighten up and begin to expand um there. So, to me, you can buy that strength here and you've got I mean, talk about tight logical sell stops. You can almost keep it break even at that point. And sure enough, it goes and it it never retests. You're just off to the races there. and TXG. I didn't go do it, but it offers you no shortage of the
[2:22:00] areas to buy it versus its 23-day exponential, you know, as it's it. It's got I love the little stairst step patterns, right? Talk about order, you know, an orderly stock. There you go. It's much easier to manage this than a stock like Purr, which I'm not going to put, you know, which has doubledigit average daily ranges. However, it's one that I'm watching. It's a big leader in a in a very relevant group. However, I'm going to size it accordingly, right? According to my progress and according to that stock's personality. Um, yeah, and I I mean, that's pretty much it. And I think, you know, after you go through the examples, you can kind of see it's that stage one turning into stage two. If I can cheat my way in early because there's just a ton of momentum, I can make a case for buying it before it's through Stan's official moving averages on a stage two. Otherwise, the sweet spot for me is at the right above the launchpad
[2:23:00] consolidation pivot as you're moving from stage one into stage two. If the volume is there, all the better. And of course, if if you've got a sector or a group all doing that at once, um that to me gives me very high confidence that you'll get the the actual follow through and it should work. And that's &gt;&gt; so these are the key takeaways here and I dropped dropped a link in the chat where you can share yours but I think um can slim plus early entries stand slim equals can slim modernize uh how to correctly analyze price and volume action. I think people really liked when we broke down those MU charts kind of bar by bar the launchpad setup. I think that's a new concept for a lot of folks. consolidation pivots, declining tops, lines, and I think understanding which entry tactics to use and where. Uh, tight and logical should definitely be a key takeaway for folks. Um, and uh, like Ross says right here, the next webinars on market analysis, which is really key because these setups work in the right environment and that's really important
[2:24:00] to remember. Uh, breakouts don't work well in downtrended markets and we're going to talk all that next webinar. So, Ross, if you go to uh, &gt;&gt; don't work well in choppy markets either. So yeah, that's true. &gt;&gt; Right. So I mean, yeah, I always look at it this way. Market goes up about a third of the time, sideways about a third of the time, chops down about a third of the time. So if you are a long position trader, trend follower, you should be in the market about a third of the time. And it doesn't. It feels like you're being lazy and not working. And it's very hard. I'll be honest with you, that's a hard thing to deal with. That's a whole another thing. So &gt;&gt; yep. Awesome. Could you jump to the next slide? um to you can also scan this QR code to share your feedback. We'd love to hear it. What can we improve going into the next webinars to make this more effective? Um I'll drop the link one more time in the chat there. Um so yeah, please share your feedback. We'd love to hear it what your favorite parts of today and also what we can improve going forward. But this is this is one of my favorite webinars we've ever done. So
[2:25:00] this is great, Ross. Uh thank you so much. &gt;&gt; No, thank you for all your help. &gt;&gt; Yep. So jump to the next I think. Um, this is the link to the next webinar. Uh, I'll drop this in the chat as well. So, here is the link in the chat. Register for webinar three. And like I said, this is very this is a very important one, market analysis, knowing when to be aggressive, when not to be anal uh aggressive. Um, and like I said, um, a few folks haven't received the bonuses. I'll be sending all of that to everybody who attended today via email along with the recording. So, uh, don't worry if you haven't gotten it yet. We'll get them to you. Uh, next week we'll be coming the sell rules for Cansim guide and the week after that the buy rules for Cansim traders. And then the additional bonus that we're announcing today is I'm going to be building a historical Canslim live model book in deep view and everybody here will have access to that. So, I'll basically be um marking up a lot of
[2:26:00] great charts from the past and adding it to that model book in DFW. Um so, you'll have full access to that. I'll share the link via email as well to that as I build it. So, that should be a lot of fun. Um let's jump to a few questions here, Ross. Um first, a lot of folks were noticing that some of the names that you were, you know, pointing out consolidation pivots, they are like reasonably high, sorry, far off highs. So, do you care too much about overhead supply? Um, do you care about base depth? I'd love to hear kind of your thoughts on that. &gt;&gt; So, yeah. I mean, in general, I care about the base depth. I still I still want to see an overall I want to see the overall constructive O'Neal patterns, right? That's the base. It's all the can slim. The only difference is the entry. And that, you know, that was the hardest part for me, right? Like all the overhead, how far down in the base. And I'll be honest with you, the depth of the base, right, is going to depend on how deep the correction was, right? So, I've that that's an environment um thing. And and I learned that from,
[2:27:00] you know, that's directly from from Bill. You know, Bill will accept V-shaped super, you know, V-shaped recoveries or let's say a super um a handle that comes ex if there was a sharp correction in the market, he bends the rules accord, you know, that's his, you know, bend like a tree, right? Don't don't be too rigid. Um, so yeah. No, I mean, and that was the hardest thing for me, like watching Stan, I'm like, that's junk off the bottom, right? When I first looked at the newsletter, I'm just like, that's junk off the bottom. Even though in my mind, I've already and I mean, years before Built the Model Book going, I should be buying. But, you know, you you sit next to to Bill every day for five years and listen to him say the same thing over and over again. Junk off the bottom. Junk off the B. And I probably tried trading a few things off the bottom just randomly and it didn't work out that well. So yeah, it took me a long time to be okay with buying, you know, 50 60% off the high like that. But I have found when you're getting the turn in the market and everything lines
[2:28:00] up that in addition to I I took St. You know, I still look at Stan's newsletter. He what he does works extremely extremely well. Now, so for why he doesn't even discuss, right, that but it it works is the B, right? So I'm very good at not asking why and just observing and going well you know the com what Bill so that's what I like to say everything lines up except that entry areas and and I will tell you and this is no Stan is used to buying down here and and getting rid of stuff as it's you know up here. So, I will tell you, you know, in 2007, it's funny. I was talking to Stan, we we became buddies, and he was yelling at me for weeks and months to sell my, you know, stocks that were riding up those short-term moving averages. It wasn't my opinion. I was just waiting for them to give me a double close between my, you know, below my either 10
[2:29:00] or 21 or both or whatever it was for that stock. And again, no no poo pooing anyone because I have like Stan has been doing off the bottom. I can't imagine how much juice I have missed. On the flip side, I'm you know what Bill is very good at doing rather is holding the biggest winners to get the most juice out of them. And I'll tell you, you know, following those rules instead of let's say stands in that particular scenario where you got a you know powerful bull market on the it just follow your stops. Don't don't get too cute. follow your moving averages and you the stock tells you when it's done. So that's that's really it. So I as long as it has been a cancelling stock and everything right everything else is moving the relative strength the group we got the market I have found that the resistance it's it not as relevant as I used to think it was to say the least. &gt;&gt; Cool. And then there's another good question. Uh but before I ask that, I
[2:30:00] just want to mention uh there are some questions about, you know, registering for a webinar. Do you get the bonuses? Whenever you register for the webinar, I'll send you the uh bonuses and I'll make sure to resend them as well to make sure everybody gets them. So, you only have to register for one webinar and you'll get the bonuses. Um but you'll be on the list where I send the invites for the next webinars. Um so, uh don't worry about that. Um Ross, the next question I think was a good one. At what point would you move up a stop to break even? Uh if if a trade starts working, &gt;&gt; I'm con sky guy. I never discussed that. So as a stock is working, I'm always picking the next most relevant tight logical stop for it on the way up short of my double close below the 21day. And again, like I said, if it's a stock that shows me, um, it might be worth selling some below the 10 and then wait for the rest of, you know, the other half or 2/3 below on my double close below the 21. Um,
[2:31:00] &gt;&gt; what what was the exact question again? I lost my &gt;&gt; So, how how quick you'll move a stop to break even. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. So, I'm constantly moving. Yeah, I'm constantly moving it up. So, the 21day moving average is my guide as per Amit Ry. I picked that up from him. I I used to try and let everything come in letting things come into the 50-day is a right that's very hard to do. So between what I learned from Dan Zanger and Amit Ry, I very closely watch that steep r especially on the momentum stocks, right? That's Dan's specialty. The that rising bottoms line and a break of a short-term moving average to 10 21. You don't even have to wait for two closes. Normally that first big break of that sharp rising bottoms line and short-term moving average is pretty much time to go to sleep for a little while at a bare minimum, right? need it needs some time to rest, which is typically the case if it's a lower early stage base. And if it's a third, you know, fourth, fifth stage base, that could ultimately just be the top. So, um, yes,
[2:32:00] I am constant, I'm constantly moving it up along the trend using any key level, whether it be, you know, with my 21day as the guide, I'm you, you know, I'm watching other levels as it moves up. So every day that I'm redrawing alerts, I'm also redrawing trend lines, consolidation pivots, and just moving lines around on my chart. So I'm always watching the most relevant levels to where the stock is trading. &gt;&gt; Perfect. And uh because a bunch of folks asked, um I'm adding uh one more link in the chat here. Uh this is to the Deep View 50% off your first month trial. Um so let me go ahead and drop that link. There we go. Um, and this has been fantastic. You guys asked great questions. We got a lot of questions answered. I think uh this will be one to watch and rewatch multiple times. Um, so thank you guys all for tuning in. Appreciate you guys. Um, again, if you haven't already, uh, shared your feedback, uh, definitely go ahead and do so. Uh, and everybody just give a big
[2:33:00] thank you to Ross in the chat uh, for for an excellent webinar. That would be great. Um, yeah, thank you guys all for attending and we look forward to seeing you guys at the next webinar. Cheers, everybody. I was going to say no need to to thank me. Thank you guys for spending part of your weekend with us. I really really appreciate it. &gt;&gt; Other than that, see you at the next one. Looking forward to it already. &gt;&gt; Sounds good. Yeah. And the next one will be uh next weekend. We'll send out the details via email to everybody. Yeah. A lot of lot of thank yous to Ross. That's great. Perfect, guys. Yeah. Have a great rest weekend.