Uh talking about So, one of the things which I had on my mind was I'm I'm I'm moving to trading right now in terms of specifically talking about markets volatility. What uh What exactly uh were some early misconceptions that you had Tom about the markets and which which you kind of overcame over over time which you learned. So, what was it that you did not understand in the beginning that you know maybe over years or a few months whenever that was it kind of okay, this is not how it works. So, So, what was that? &gt;&gt; Well, it takes a long time to convince to teach yourself a couple things. Probably most importantly because we all have you know big egos, we all have ideas. It took me a really long time to realize that I really don't know what's going to happen next. Like I thought I had some kind of an edge because all I do is sit around and watch markets every day for four and a half decades. And I'm thinking to myself, nobody can nobody can watch more ticks in the S&amp;P's than I have over the last 40 years. So, that should give me an edge, but it doesn't. And it took me a really long time to appreciate that I don't have any edge over anybody else in knowing what's going to happen next. I have a little bit of comfort knowing that I've kind of seen everything once or twice. But I don't have any edge. &gt;&gt; If not edge Tom, but over years you would have developed an intuitive sense of the markets as to you know what could happen next. I'm not saying you know you would know it for sure but you would have a better intuitive sense compared to others having watched the markets. &gt;&gt; You would like to think so. I mean I'm a contrarian so I would like to think so but markets can be as you know markets can be incredibly um difficult irrational what what we perceive to be irrational um they can be you know there's a lot of people watching the exact same movie. It is very difficult and there's only one movie playing at a time. It's it's it's difficult to be you know to be different. It's it's difficult to um uh I'm always let's put it this way I'm always challenged. It's never easy. &gt;&gt; Hm. Hm. Interesting. So I I I I did think you you would tell me that you figured out something and some some holy grail kind of stuff. That but yeah yeah it's it's difficult I I I agree that you know but coming back to uh trading again you you you've been a proponent of premium selling but how do you deal with uh or what's your thought on dealing with uh what we call as tail events something which happen in all &gt;&gt; If you like this video please take a look in the description at what I'm building now. You can join along for free get access to my new portfolio career optimization tools financial forecasting and our new prediction engine. Stay tuned for even more.
