I I really hope it does Tom. That reminds me about another thing. I'm not sure if you follow this one. Now, in India post 2020, we had a like like it happened in the US, we had a boom in terms of trading as such, not just you know, in options as a segment, but across. So, the the number of accounts which which got opened, all of that shot up. That is one side. The other side of it was we we had a whole lot of &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; um you know, traders who came into the market post COVID and exchanges came up with different products. And um there were multiple indexes on which options were options were launched and each product had a expiry on a different day. So, five days a week we would have some zero DTE expiry. So, this is not exactly the zero DTE what you have, but then this is a new a different product expiring each day of the week. And obviously, it you know, there were a lot of um traders who took to it and somehow, you know, the volumes of those options were too high. So, I was saying we had this and then the regulator came in because there were there was a lot of speculation, a lot of volume which was going into these activities and there were reports of people losing money which which happens obviously. So, so they kind of shut it down. They they kind of sunset three or four indexes and decided that there's only going to be two indexes on which we would have weekly options. The rest of them would not have weekly expiration. We'll have only monthly expiration on the rest of the indexes. And that's how they solved it. But then I'm not sure you know, if that's the best way to deal with it. Do you have any thoughts on that? &gt;&gt; Well, it's not the best way to deal with it because I mean you know, the last thing you want is the regulators quote trying to protect you. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Um that's you know, they make things worse not better. Um I'm all for you know, as many products as possible. I just think the challenge there's there's my experience in India because I can't trade the markets there. So I don't have like hands-on experience with the markets but from what I I have you know given um a lecture at the Mum- Mumbai uh stock exchange and yeah. Um also you know, I've met with the the head of the exchange and and a couple of the regulators there before. Um and my my gut instinct says that the you know, the the exchange is trying to play what they're saying is they're trying to protect the individuals but the reality is they're making it worse not better. And I I just don't think you can't if you want to protect everybody and not let them trade if that's what you think protection is then that's fine. But don't throw out like you know, partial products. It doesn't make any sense to me. &gt;&gt; Hm. I wish I wish there there are more voices like you Tom. Okay. So so that uh you know, how did US take to zero DTE talking about zero because we're talking about zero DTE uh there were questions about market stability and there could be you know, some kind of systematic or systemic risk that could come in because of zero DTE and uh how did that play out in the US? &gt;&gt; Well, I mean take a look at it. It hasn't had any impact at all. Markets are record highs and there has been no systemic risk that I can tell from zero DTEs. So to this point it has not been a problem. &gt;&gt; All right. Well but well well were there voices which said that you know, this is not a good thing. You know, zero DD doesn't add any value to to the market or the ecosystem. &gt;&gt; Well, that's you know, I I understand that, but that assumes that you believe that the only value to the ecosystem is that you know, is what people can take out of that one specific trade. You know, my argument to that would be that the value to the ecosystem is that it's brought um a record amount of volume to the um listed exchanges in the US which is you know, is which is why we're the center of liquidity for the entire world. So, I would argue that the exact opposite in that zero DT and other trading instruments like that have kept the US as the true um largest pool of liquidity anywhere in the world 10 times over. Which helps to fuel all the innovation and things like that. So, I I think it's it's very short-sighted to think that okay, you know, the product doesn't bring any um doesn't doesn't serve any purpose. I completely disagree. &gt;&gt; Got it. Okay. So, you know, that brings us to the end Tom and I have a few questions. &gt;&gt; If you like this video, please take a look in the description at what I'm building now. You can join along for free, get access to my new portfolio, career optimization tools, financial forecasting, and our new prediction engine. Stay tuned for more.
