This is what we're looking at. 567 total debit for one put calendar and two call calendars in Micron for earnings on Wednesday, September 30th after the close. What's up everyone? Welcome back. We got another trade idea for you and I'm going to Micron. They have earnings on Wednesday and I think it's interesting to get in a little bit early this week for a couple of reasons, but traditionally we wait until the earnings announcement day. So Wednesday they're reporting after the close. Normally I would place a trade then, but we looked at this this morning and I got into not one, not two, but three different calendar spreads. Two to the upside, one to the downside to potentially hedge the cost of those upside ones. But we'll dive into it right now. Um, also got filled earlier this morning on a Boeing position. So, Boeing is taking a nose dive here to the uh downside, down 5%. And I think this is one of those stocks that I've always got my eye on when we get these price extremes to the downside because uh Boeing is embedded in all of the airlines on the US side. So, I think it's just one of those companies that is a little too big to fail, for lack of better phrases. But, we'll see. Uh we're sitting at 2026 lows basically. Uh the lowest point we got in 2025 prior to that big sell-off earlier in the year was 177. We're sitting about 10 points off that now. And we are literally right on the off of the lows that we saw in the end of March here during the war. So always want to get uh into these types of price extremes. And I think it's interesting timing with earnings coming up in the beginning of November and then uh the ability to reduce cost bases further if we get some continued uh selling as well. But looking for a rally there. That was the only other trade I did today. But let's talk about these calendar spreads. So normally when we look at calendar spreads or diagonal spreads, we're looking to buy the cycle that has a much later dated expiration. So, normally we're trying to get out here like November or December where implied volatility is low. You can see the implied volatility number of 62% is basically the same across all of these expirations from uh December all the way to March of 2027. And that is a good sign of like where implied volatility has flattened out and is is kind of reflective of the traditional implied volatility landscape where you've got similar IV numbers and the the expected moves grow based on the amount of time that is left to expiration. Alternatively, when you have an earnings announcement like Micron does this week on Wednesday after the close, you have cascading implied volatility to the upside. So you've got 98% in the 4-day, 79% in the 7-day, 9-day, we've got 786%. So this is exactly what you would expect to see with a binary event priced into the weekly cycle. So you've got much more implied volatility value. If you if you break up exttrinsic value into implied volatility versus timebased value, the closer you get to expiration with a binary event, like an earnings announcement, you're going to have way more implied volatility value versus timebased value. or these further dated cycles, you have almost all-time base value. Of course, you have a little bit of implied volatility there, too, but it's not nearly as accentuated as it is in the weekly cycle and even October 5th, October 7th, etc., etc. So, all this to say, Micron's a thousand stock. So, I can't go and buy a diagonal spread here in November or December and then reduce cost basis dramatically with the sale of an October 2nd short option, which is typically what we do. We sell the weekly to get all that IV value and then inventory some delta in November, December to get that longer term exposure and just more time to be right. If Micron uh sells off and then fills the gap with a big rally the next couple of days, you'd benefit from that if you owned November or December. But $1,000 stock, not much we can do. So, I went into the near-term cycles and I bought the 7-day options and I sold the 4-day options against them. And I think what's really interesting about this trade is if we look at let's just look at one upside calendar and we'll look at the downside calendar as well that I placed to potentially hedge the risk on those upside ones. But ideally I want to see that rally to the upside and I'll show you why that is in just a second. But this is kind of crazy cost basis reduction. We saw this before uh I forget what ticker symbol it was but it was a sim similar scenario where the long option cost was almost completely financed or reduced by like 90% 80% with the sale of the short option and we're seeing that same thing here with Micron. So 7-day cycle the 950 put is trading for $850. The the 4day 950 put is trading for $675. So, that is a massive chunk off of the cost basis of this long option here with the sale of the short. And we're going to have a 3-day disparity between when my long option expires next Monday versus Friday where this short option expires. So, there's a couple things that are really interesting with that. I think first and foremost, you're going to have weekend premium priced into the 7-day cycle because anything can happen over the weekend. And uh you know, if if we have a couple of days left to expiration on Friday when the markets close, you're still going to see plenty of premium in the 950 strike, assuming we're kind of trading in this range. Same thing with the 1100s to the upside. The 1100 to the upside purchased for $2,800 with seven days to go. So this is a really expensive long option by itself. Same with the put, but because we're selling an option against it for $2500, that's a gigantic cost basis reduction. That's 90% basically right there. And then 90% on the downside as well. So I think the most important thing here to realize is yes, we're going to we're dealing with a volatile instrument in Micron and we are looking for a rally really and we'll we'll show that on the analysis tab. But ultimately because we're collecting so much with the sale of these short options in the 950 put and the 1100 call and the 1150 call calendar I purchased as well. This total package with all three of these calendar spreads was $500. Uh, and that's because the downside one, the 950 put was less than $200. The 1100 call calendar long, the 7-day short, the 4day, that was about $200. And then the 1150 was just under $200 as well. So, looking at the positions tab and looking at all three of these, you can see $165, uh, $164 was what I was filled in for the put one, 220 for the 1100 call, and then a$183 for the 1150. So, I've got all three calendar spreads here. My focal point after the earnings announcement on Monday uh or sorry Wednesday will certainly be the value of these short options regardless of where Micron is because if I know that Micron rallies this whole thing is going to be a winner. The entire package will be a winner and I'll show you why that would be in just a second. But I would probably keep the put on unless I just close the whole package. If I can sell out of the put in the 7-day cycle for a couple hundred dollar that I would definitely do. But let's say the 950s are worthless on a rally up to 1,100 1150. I might just buy back the 4day and leave the 7-day on. But we'll cross that bridge when we come to it. But either way, the 4-day options are going to be super sensitive. And I'm going to be looking to buy them back. If we get a rally, I would buy back the put one. If we get a selloff, I would buy back these four days. And I would only do that if I can buy them back for like 20 cents or 30 cents, which may not be possible until we hold it all the way to expiration uh day on the second. So looking at this holistically, if we go to the curve mode and we look at the analysis of this, I'm going to clear this trade so it just shows the existing positions I have on. And then of course we're going to have to go to the theoretical view on the zones because all three of these calendar spreads they have no intrinsic value profit potential. I've got the long put, the long call, and the uh 1150 long call and then the same short options just 3 days prior to expiration. So we need to look at Theo since it's a pure exttrinsic value trade as are all calendar spreads. And what we need to do is look at that jump up. It's crazy. uh we need to go to this the October 2nd expiration and this is going to give you the best case scenario view of what we can expect if we get a rally in Micron. So this looks like a big green blob for now but that's because I haven't changed implied volatility at all by Friday when these short options expire which is what this risk graph is reflecting. We are going to get a big V crush in the 7-day cycle. So, you can see as I crank this down, down 10 points, down 15 percentage points. Now, we're at 64% in the 7-day cycle. I think to be safe and conservative, I want to bring this down like 20 percentage points and get us into the 50s. I think if you wanted to be super conservative, I would bring this even further. I would bring this down to like 30% V crush. Uh, bring us into the 49 handle. This this would be a big V crush for Micron for sure. But one thing I always like to do with uh the new feature on the uh chart here is just throw on the implied volatility indicator and we can see where Micron's implied volatility kind of bottomed out this year regardless of IV rank. But there we can see the high and the low that is derived from the IV rank as well. So if we look back let's just see like what was the lowest point this year that Micron implied volatility got. So 47% just a few days ago, 53% at the end of December last year, but that was before we had the big runup. So I kind of ignore the previous implied volatility ranges because when Micron was trading between 100 and 150, that's just a different animal than when we have this 10x rally into the thousands and we're in the stratosphere here. So I think this range is much more uh much more dynamic of course with the rips and the dips but we haven't gone below 46% 50% really all year. So even at the end of last year when we started to get that run up we were still at 53%. So I think the most conservative view like I said here is bringing this down to like 50%. We haven't really been there all year. Maybe we get there after an earnings announcement if there's a an inside move. But I think 30% on the 7-day if we're evaluating on Friday's expiration is totally fair. And even if we do get that, you can see if I get a sell-off towards 950 on Friday, my total net P&amp;L can still be a couple hundred because I'm going to get all the value out of the short options. my long option at 950 is going to explode in value because we're going to still have three days left to expiration on Friday. And these long calls, I think the reason why this is still so profitable if we're evaluating on Friday and we're baking in a 30% ball crush isn't just from the value of the puts. It's the fact that these short options are going to be worthless, but these long options that still go into Monday will probably still be worth $100 or $200, something like that. So if that's the case, that's really where this profitability is coming from. Uh the P&amp;L Theo of 400%. Even if we can sell out of these long calls for 50 cents or a dollar each, that's still basically the uh half the cost of the entire thing in general. So I'm really excited for this trade. I think there's plenty of uh profit potential here if we get a move towards the strikes. Worst case scenario is going to be if we just chop right around here because now we're going to probably get a much bigger V crush if that happens. We're going to keep all the value in the short options, but we're going to lose value on the long put at 950. We're going to lose value on the 1100 call. We're going to lose value on the 1150. And that's where you get this P&amp;L Theo of like 300 bucks. But until we go to expiration on Monday, we're not going to realize that full max loss because we're still going to have weekend risk in Micron. The long options, the long put, and the two long calls are still going to be worth something here if we get that move. Now, real quick, uh I also want to evaluate at a prior date. So, instead of going all the way to Friday, what if we go to the 31st? Uh and by the 31st, I mean October 1st. So, let's go to October 1st. Let's not go to Friday yet. And then let's crank this down. Uh this implied volatility here. Let's see what this looks like if we get a 15% ball crush, 20% ball crush without holding to expiration on Friday. So this is where the P&amp;L looks a lot more murky because it's not reflecting that we get all this value in the short options that uh that previous analysis was showing us that October 2nd uh expiration analysis. So yeah, if we get a ball crush and a rally, that's really our only profit potential prior to expiration on Friday. And that makes sense because we would need if we got a 20% vault crush here, we would need Micron to rally and my two calls would have to offset the entire cost of this whole thing. But the short options, if I'm not holding to Friday, the short options are still going to hold a ton of value even with one day to go or zero days to go. If we're chopping right around the strike price, these options are going to be trading for a couple hundred, a couple thousand dollars most likely. So, this really just exemplifies the the importance of holding this to Friday and that's why I wanted to get in early today so that I can get as much cost basis as possible and get that Monday through Friday premium in the short options. But ultimately, this is what we're looking at. 567 total debit for one put calendar and two call calendars in Micron for earnings on Wednesday, September 30th after the close. So, I got into the 950 put calendar. All three of these are long October 5th, short October 2nd. So long Monday, short Friday. The 950 put calendar, the 1100 call calendar, and the 1150 call calendar. Total debit of 567. This risk graph you're looking at is uh estimated on October 2nd, Friday with a 20% ball crush. So I brought that down to 59%. And this is what we could be looking at if we get that ball crush. If we get a bigger V crush, we're still going to be looking good. But like I just showed you, the key with this strategy is to be able to hold it to Friday. Maybe we can do some manipulation along the way by purchasing back some of those short options if there's big moves in either direction. But holding to Friday is going to be our best bet at a nice sizable profit potential. And hopefully we can get that uh paired with a move to the upside between,00 and 1150 really. But uh the break evens here are going to be time and Ivy dependent. As long as my long options hold on to some value even after the expiration of the short options, if we're in a weird spot I can just hold all three options into Monday, I would do that because if we get a big Monday move in either direction, I'm going to have long options in Micron, which is a $1,000 stock. So, lots of opportunity here. Risk is still manageable at $500 for all three of these. If you wanted to just pick one or do the upside or downside, I think it's totally fine. I'm just trying to play for the uh downside hedge in case we get a small downside move. Maybe I can hedge the cost of those two longs. But again, best case scenario is we get an upside move to 1100 or 1150 or in that range.