[00:00] Happy Halloween everyone. Uh my name is Brian Overby. I'm the senior options strategist here at OptionsPlay. And this is going to be a presentation uh actually the third part to uh an initial presentation about how to set up butterflies and modifying those butterflies. So, we looked at an adjustment in our last presentation about taking a butterfly and adjusting it into a short put spread. So, the butterfly that we started with was a put butterfly. Um but we did talk about other butterflies in the initial in the initial seminar. We talked about a skip strike butterfly. We looked at just a standard modified butterfly and looked at the standard butterfly. So, this is the third part in that series and we do have access if you are OptionsPlay client, you do have access to the other butterflies. And also
[01:03] inside the YouTube uh OptionsPlay YouTube, you can find all three of these events. Okay. So, fix a losing spread into a soaring butterfly. Yes, that title scored well in search. Uh anything where you're fixing a losing trade uh is always of interest. And today's trade that we're going to do is based off of today's market. We looked at uh a a long call spread and this actually could have happened in the marketplace this week. And I tried to set it up that way because the market did take a ugly turn going in into the into the end of the week. You could say maybe it was spooked by the uh October 31st date. But uh with that said, uh if you want to ask some questions during the event, you can do so via in the Q&amp;A box. The quote box or I'm should say the chat box is opened up and feel free to chat chat amongst each
[02:06] other. Um but uh if you want me to address your questions, please do put them in the Q&amp;A box. I'm going to ignore the chat box through most of the event. So, with that said, thanks for coming on uh I guess this is uh a holiday. Uh I as far if you have kids, you definitely think it's a holiday. Um OptionsPlay Education, we're empowering you to trade substantial uh substantially and confidently. And uh we do a lot of educational events and and they're provided, you know, share them with friends. We're we're happy to share this education and obviously ultimately we'd like you to become an OptionsPlay client. And you know, all the benefits that you get with the software. Okay, so we still have a disclaimer. We want to make sure that uh I'm going to be using real prices today. This is not meant to be a recommendation and past performance is not a guarantee of future results. Uh there's for that. Now, you can take screenshot of this if you want to put your phone up there. Uh you will have access to these slides. Uh if you
[03:11] do screenshot this, they will be emailed to you, but check out what we have available, the free trial trial for optionsplay.com. And all you got to do is sign up by click by uh scanning that uh QR code. All right. So, here's the butterfly team. This is what I set up in the very first seminar that we did and I did it all with puts cuz a lot of times I do have a strategy that I've been doing for years and years in the SPX. When I feel right, when it feels right. It's not like I do it every week in and week out. Um but I do feel in general that when we get past this election, it's going to free up the the And what I what I feel like right now is that the VIX has a stranglehold on the market. Anytime we get a run up, there's a sell-off. There's a There's a There's a run to the S&amp;P 500 index put options to buy some protection. And that ultimately is what drives the VIX, right? A lot of people don't necessarily know that the VIX index is really a function of the implied volatility premium
[04:14] in the S&amp;P 500 index put options. And if you ever look at the S&amp;P 500 index, you'll notice that there's almost always more open interest on the out-of-the-money puts than there are on the out-of-the-money call. I'd say 80% of the time that's the case, maybe even higher. But, you know, you're going to find instances where that may not be the case. In some markets, that would be a very bullish market. But, bottom line is is that that's why the VIX gets the fear index name in that it's really the fact that the S&amp;P 500 index is used by a lot of institutional investors and some retail investors to protect their portfolios. So, when people are willing to pay up pay up for protection, that will increase overall the VIX index because it That means they're willing that that implied volatility is raising on those option contracts. Okay. So, started with a standard put butterfly,
[05:18] also looked at a modified put butterfly, and a skip strike put butterfly. Okay. So, today what we're going to do is you can roll into either one of these, and this is the main reason why I have this slide. But, I'm just going to roll into a standard butterfly. But, we're going to be on the call side of things. Now, my seminar that I did on puts was all about or I did I did on butterflies was all about puts. But, the same concepts apply on the call side of things. All right, so Uh broken wing and skip strike are the same? They are. I don't like I don't like skip strike or I don't like uh broken wing. And here's why. Here's a a broken wing and I do think that I should address this. Now, I wrote a little book called The Options Playbook. I think it's right over there. I don't know if you can see it in the in the screen or or so. And I chose to call it a skip strike butterfly because you're literally skipping a strike. You're embedding a short call spread into the butterfly that pays for the
[06:20] butterfly. And I always look at a skip strike butterfly as an alternative to a short spread, not as an alternative to a butterfly. So, you're right in that it's a modified butterfly and that's probably the more used search term, but I think the skip strike is the correct name. And so, I'm going to go with that. And from here on out, it's called a skip strike butterfly, not a modified butterfly. All right? Wonderful. Thanks for the question, by the way. And so, this is going to be a short and sweet event. First of all, we got Halloween. We need to go on out and get earn some candy. Uh and uh hopefully this trade is actually going to maybe be more of uh cavity than a candy, right? Because we're going to look at a scenario and say that it goes against us. A lot of people know what they they can do when the market goes with you, but in this instance, what do we do when it goes against us? And I actually put this in uh had this sent out in the email is that or in the I should say the marketing email that went out is this
[07:25] isn't a perfect hedge. The one thing I love about the hedge that we're going to talk about is that we're not going to add any additional risk to the trade and it's not going to cost us any money. But when we're all said and done with this trade, all we got is a chip in a chair. And if you've never played poker, you might not know that reference, but there was a person that was in the World Series of Poker that had a chip and a chair. And that person came all the way back and ended up winning that tournament. And that the quote was by that person saying that, you know, if you all you need is a chip in a chair and you still got a chance. And that's the way that I approach this trade. My my attitude on it would be that another way to say it, just a lot of little fun little analogies, is I don't want the cheese anymore, just let me out of the trap. Okay. So, uh I'm probably going to be doing some of these in the daily play inside the
[08:29] options play after the the stranglehold that this election seems to have on the marketplace right now. Um and as we're going into the end of the new year, we just had a real big week because all the Meg 7 announced, well, not all of them, but most of them announced this week. Amazon just announced earnings right now. It looks like the stock is up a little bit. I obviously didn't have a chance to really look at it. Um and Apple is also announcing earnings today. So, with that said, uh the holiday season is coming. Uh the election is coming. Uh let's get this stuff out of the way. And the way that I like to do my trades, uh if I want to get bear or bullish on the marketplace, is to look at the S&amp;P 500 index. Uh and I prefer this over the SPY cuz that's going to be a question that I'm going to get. And the main reason, there's a couple of reasons behind it, is uh first of all, the tax advantages of trading index options, the 60/40 rule. Like if you're not in a retirement account. Now,
[09:31] you can do this in a retirement account if you get approval from your brokerage firm. But and on top of it, it works better with higher-priced underlying stocks or indexes. And part of the reason why is just the dynamic of the fact that if we're looking at a spread, and let me introduce the spread to you, my long call spread in the SPX that I set up today, uh base actually I used Monday's quotes, but I I set it up today. Yeah, I did this Yeah, I used Monday's quotes. Uh I I had a screenshot of it. Okay, so in that instance on this this Monday on the 28th, uh the SPX was at $5,834.85 and the VIX was stubbornly hanging around that 19% level. It's up a little bit more today because the market's got ugly. But, with that said, we bought an in-the-money call option and at the same time sold an at-the-money call option.
[10:36] Now, I like this in that uh you're selling more premium than you are buying. In other words, this option contract right at this point in time was 15 cents out of the money. So, this is all time value. And this option contract, we're 20 point or 15 points in the money. Uh this one should be Oh, I screwed that up. This isn't the the 25. Okay, let me see if I can edit this. Let's edit this right now cuz it's going to be in effect. Uh this will be That's 10 points. This is 20. I'm pretty sure I got the right numbers still because just the way the math worked out, but that changes that. And this would be 20 here, too. And And 15 points. There we go. All right. So there's that. So first first time setting up this this strategy in in this
[11:39] platform. So let's go back to the slide show. And if we're doing this this is 15 points wide. And if I look at this and I set up this trade, I'm selling more time premium than I'm buying. This entire trade is done it's 15 points wide and it's done for a net debit of $8.75. That means for every one by one long spread or another term would be a vertical spread. Uh inside the options play platform, we'd call this a vertical spread. And uh if you're doing this this trade 15 points wide and you're selling more time premium than you're buying, a weird thing happens with your break even. Uh your break even is actually below where the current market place is at. So the max risk is 875 or $875. Uh the break even is this price plus this price. So at expiration, it would be uh uh uh uh I screwed that up then, too.
[12:47] 58.33. No, only the it's going to be lower than that. So 58 20 plus 8.75. 58.28. So in this instance, our break even is the strike price. Of course, I had to pick the wrong strike price there. Uh the strike price minus the or plus the net debit paid. So we have a lot of leeway in this instance in that we are selling a lot more time premium than we are buying on this trade. And if we do that and we look at this this trade, uh our our outlook for the market is that it just needs to stay where it's at or it can drift higher and we're still positive on this trade. So, some people may say, "Well, why wouldn't I do the put side of things and actually bring in a a credit spread to the trade?" And you can and you can start with the short put spread, but I do think it's a lot easier
[13:49] to just understand and it also helps with the adjustment to start with the long call spread. But, moral to my story here is that if you pay attention to the time premium that you're buying versus the time premium that you're selling, you can pay a net debit for a spread that actually has positive time decay on that trade. So, the market's at 5834. If the market just stays above 582875, if it just stays above that level, we are then profitable on this trade. So, we can drift a little bit lower or we can drift a little bit higher. Our maximum risk is 875. If the market goes below 820, that's the maximum that we can lose on the trade. And uh if I'm looking at this this trade, this is the way I like to approach some long call spreads. Now, if we do the trade and it goes up, I'm usually you're not trying to make all 15
[14:52] points in this. So, our I still I at least got the max profit right here. So, the max profit is $6.25. Now, it it's not it you know, it's not a 50/50 bet, right? We're not paying 750 with the hopes of making 750 on the trade. We're paying 875 cuz we got to pay a little bit more because we are actually going on deeper in the money and we are profitable if the underlying does not move at all. So, we pay a little bit more for that and we give up a little bit of the upside on the trade. So, I still don't mind this risk reward and it has a little bit to do with the the higher valuation of the S&amp;P 500 index, a little bit of the the volatility skew that happens, but the market is at 5835 and you have this opportunity to put this trade on and if the market drifts lower still be profitable on that trade. Screen is blank. All right. I
[16:00] Is is the screen still blank? No. Oh, no, it's not. Okay. All right, here we go. Let's keep going. Let's soldier on as they say. All right. So, now I'm going to show you the long call butterfly spread. So, if we went in and did this trade and we bought a 15-point wide spread in the SPX, this would be centered around where the stock is at. This is actually from the put butterfly slide, but the stock would be a little bit more closer to where this is at, but profit and loss graph still makes sense. This is what a butterfly would look like. So, if we did the long call spread, now I'm just going to show you the difference in cost with the butterfly. So, a long butterfly is a long call spread, the 5280 to the 50 I'm sorry, the 5820 to the 5835 is 15 points wide. You buy one, you sell one, and that's our long call spread.
[17:03] Now, you go out and then you go from 5835 to 5850, that is a sell of the 5835 and then a buy of the 5850 and you end up with a short spread. So, what is a butterfly? It is a combination of a long spread and a short spread that has the middle strike the same. So, you are selling one of these option contracts right here. You're selling one of those to go along with your long spread and then you're selling another one to go along with your short spread. So, if I'm doing this entire trade, now the credit of the short spread helps pay for my long spread. So, $3.40. So, where were we at? 875 340 = $5.35. So, that's the total difference between these two trades, right? Now,
[18:07] way different outlook. If I do the long call spread, I have substantial upside potential, right? As the market moves all the way to the upside, I have substantial upside potential. In this, I need the stock to just go to 535 5835 and just stay right there. And now I got the wings. If it blows it out If it blows it out to the upside or the downside, I'm unprofitable, but I have a lot less risk overall, uh $3.40. Now, expiration in this trade when we put this away was uh Friday. So, you could say it's four or five days depending on if you're going to count the Monday that the trade was on. But, that is that is the length of this trade and that's also this trade when we put this on, too. I want to emphasize that because it's very important, especially in the SPX, that you you have zero DTE options. You can trade You can go in on Monday and have an option contract and do this butterfly and set it up so that it's done on Thursday. Or do the long spread
[19:09] and have it set up so it's done on Wednesday. You have every single day to expiration is every single day of the week is going to have an expiration date, okay? So, I say that because that really affects your ability to adjust this trade. So, this week was a very interesting week in that the market started to drift higher on Wednesday and then it was very schizophrenic on Wednesday. It was up a little bit and then it ended up down and I would have adjusted my long call spread on Wednesday if I would have put this trade on. Um, especially on the close of the market. Now, what ends up happening here and this is what I want to highlight is that the short call spread, I want to make sure I got my strikes right, is $15.35. So, that's a heck of a lot of credit for five days to expiration by just selling an at the money call spread here. Remember what we paid for our trade?
[20:12] $8.75. This net credit is now $15.35. Our break-even for the trade is 58 28 75. I got that right. 58 28 75. All right. I do have a degree in math, but I don't like doing it on the fly in an event. And if I look at all of these, here's my simple adjustment. I don't care that I'm paying $3.40 for this butterfly. I know my max upside on the butterfly, the distance basically from this strike to this strike, is going to be 15 points or $15. I know that that's the maximum that it could be, but if I'm doing this trade, I'm if I'm looking at this trade and I have this position on, if the market goes up from the beginning, no worries. If I wake up and SPX is up half a percent, which is a
[21:14] good move in the SPX, very rarely do you get a the type of move on a percentage basis that we get get today. Know the math is right, Rob. Hmm, no it's not. So, let me let me get the math all right. Let Let Let me take 2 seconds here to get this straight. I apologize, everyone. 50 4140 * 2 = 82 - 50.15 36.05 = 340. Okay, so that trade 340.
[22:22] So, the 50 580 15 points. Let me go make sure that's right. Cuz it should be a lot more cuz if this is That's 11. Oh, I got the wrong price on the call side of things. 875 No, that's right. What's wrong here? 4140 minus 50.15 875. And that makes sense that it would be 875 for a 15 point spread. Uh I'm going to I got my quote. So, let me grab it. Let me grab it here. I'm going to stop sharing for a second.
[23:47] All right. So, let me grab the math on this. Anybody Anybody dressing up as something fun for Halloween? Yeah, it's it says 535, but I got to That's not the right number. Let me go look at it. I hear you. I see everybody in the chat. I'm seeing you. I'm I'm I'm I'm riding with you. There we go.
[26:16] All right, the math is right. All right. Okay. Let me get my thoughts straight on this. Here we go. PowerPoint And I'm going to make sure that I'm sharing my screen with you. Slideshow Okay, now we're back.
[27:31] So if we do the math, it all works out right. So this is 535. Escape. Exit full screen. I apologize that I had this wrong. 41 40 minus 3605 equals 535. All right. So if I do this and I have this on for $5.35 and the market moves to the point, let's say it goes down 20 20 20 or 30 points in this, this spread would start trading for about half of this value. And I just want to make sure that that was all correct. So if this starts if the market goes against us and we're losing on our spread. So in
[28:34] that instance, our long call spread exit full screen. No, I didn't want to do that. Our long call spread would be uh we'd be losing on this trade. This trade would come down and this spread would be trading somewhere close to around $4 on this trade overall. So, I put the trade on for 875. The market goes up, I sell, I'm out of the trade. The butterfly was trading for 340. But, if the market goes down and if I ever see this this credit spread trading for $2.50 or around $2.25, I'm going to roll into that spread and then I end up taking the net debit of this trade down. Let's Let's say we sell it for $2.25. So, 875 minus 225, that would be $6.50
[29:37] overall. So, that would end up being my max risk on the trade and then I'm long a butterfly and I'm hoping that the market will bounce back. So, I have two different options that I can do here. And if I I had a platform, I would go in and just run it through the platform. But, I have two different options on this spread. If I put this trade on and I start out in a butterfly, it cost me 340. I'm going to pay a lot more for the butterfly. If the market goes down and the market is going against me, this credit spread I'm all This is my signal to trade. If I see this credit spread trading for around $2.50 or between $2 and $2.50, I'm going to sell that trade and then I'm going to be into the butterfly and I'm going to have a 15-point wide butterfly and I'm going to reduce my risk. So, instead of just getting out of this trade because the market went down and I'm paying and I sell it and I close and I close the position for uh, four or five dollars,
[30:42] I'm going to adjust the trade, sell this net credit spread, and try to bring in at least $2 to $2.50, and then I have a 15-point wide butterfly that I ended up paying $6 for. And that's my chip in a chair. If the market goes down and it goes against me, uh, then I'm then on that trade, I'm okay. Um, and I can still be in the position and have a chance for the market back and go towards my strike, uh, on my short butterfly at expiration. So, the way that I really kind of look at this trade is that if I'm starting out in the long call spread, and the market is, I start out in the long call spread on Monday. Hopefully, Tuesday I can make it by. The market kind of stays the way that it is. When it gets to Wednesday, if the market has drifted, uh, about a half of a percent lower, then I'm going to look to adjust that trade at that point in time. If I can
[31:46] adjust it on that day, now I'm in to the height of time decay, especially in the S&amp;P 500 index. So, we have all the time decay on Wednesday, all the time decay on Thursday, and then on Friday becomes a very interesting day. If we get the markets to come back. If not, I've reduced my overall risk of the trade. I've taken a few dollars off the top. I added no more additional risk because all I did was roll into a butterfly, and hence the reason why I used the analogy of a chip in a chair. Now, on the butterfly, I just want to get out of this trade at this point in time. I had three scenarios where I could make money. I had scenario one where I had the butterfly long spread on, and the market doesn't move. My break even is 5828, market stays there uh, at 5834, I still did just fine on on this, uh, on this long call spread. Market goes up, well, that's simple. Just got to decide when I want to take it off. One is enough profit. Market goes down, I adjust the trade. I go in and I roll
[32:49] into this butterfly and I wait till this gets to a net credit of about half of it. And I really thought it was a lot more of a credit, but um about half of it in this trade. So, once that gets cut in half, then I come back in. I know I I know what I did when I mix the metaphors, but uh when it comes back in, then I would sell this and bring in a few more dollars and lower my risk, but still have a chance that the market can come back. And the wonderful thing about that is is that a butterfly really wants time decay to be your friend. So, you start on Monday when time decay and obviously matters, it always matters in option trading. And if you're right on your forecast, you need some time decay to work, but your positive delta every time it goes up, you're making money. Market stays where it's at, time decay is your friend. You bought less time than you sold, so time decay can just work its way out. Market goes up and all the market starts going down and drifts down. One of the nice things about the
[33:52] index is very rarely are you going to have that gap down of one or two percent. You always have that a chance to adjust it. So, you see this trading for about half of this net credit right now, about $2, 2 and 1/2. You take off a part of your risk. You add no more additional risk. The brokerage firm doesn't care that you're in a butterfly or a long call spread. There's no more additional risk and you end up in that trade and you do and you and you have this trade on now. Instead of $8.75, you have it on for $6.75. And that's the way you adjust the trade. Now, if the market doesn't come back, you still got to be prepared to lose this, right? Uh whatever you're in for, the net debit to the account of $6.75. It's not a perfect adjustment, but instead of just closing out your position, which so many people just don't seem to be able to do. Um you know, I've always I've had a friend of mine that's taught options for a long time and they've always had the
[34:54] uh idea that if you uh I'd uh rather teach options to a fifth grader than an than an adult because if you tell somebody a fifth grader to do something, they'll do it. If you say to an adult, well, all right, we're going to get out when you lose half of your value on your trade and say we're going to get out at $4, they'll say, well, it got there, but the moving average bumped into the uh MACD and it formed a hanging doji, and there was no way to get out at that point in time, right? So the biggest thing that I have found, especially people that are beginning traders, is they don't want to give in and just tap out. This strategy works as an alternative to somebody just closing out the trade and just being done. The name of the seminar should be a chip and a chair. It's that straightforward because you are you have two scenarios where you're fine.
[35:56] You have one scenario where you're not, where the market goes down and it goes down quite a bit. You know, we're talking a fairly strong move to the downside about uh half a percent to 1%. I adjust the trade and then I just hope that the market comes back and I still have a chance to even get out at profitability because if I do end up in this for $6 into this butterfly trade, the market can it's still the maximum is worth $15. It's just got to be within that range on that expiration date. And that's the adjustment. Now, I can try to go through this because I obviously screwed up this slide, which I'm going to adjust. I got them all off I've already adjusted them. So, when we send them out, the slide will be there. But, let me see if I can pull this off inside the platform right now. And see where the butterflies are at. Now, the markets are all ugly at this point in time. They closed and we were down so much on the day. Let's go and see what I am taught See if
[37:02] I know what I'm talking about. Maybe I don't. Who knows? So, here's our bull call spread. We're going to go out in the short term. So, let me modify this. Go midpoint. I got to go midpoint. And usually midpoint fills are good in the in the SPX. Oh, I can't do the SPX. I got to do a SPY. That's why I had SPY up there. All right, SPY is a lot harder to deal with cuz you're talking about a one and a half point spread or a two point spread if you're going 20 points wide. Or if you only go 10 points wide. If you want to start off with lower risk, you can also go that route. And that would be one point wide. Oh, shoot. Didn't anticipate the SPX not being there. All right, let me see if we got any questions. Let's go from there. Join the webinars is available. We If you sign up, there there'll be I appreciate that, George. I I see you.
[38:14] I hear you. I just had my math wrong. I don't know why. I've given this seminar probably a hundred times, but just not with these slides. All right, Mike. I'm trying to address all the questions that are in here. Yeah, we'll send out the revised slides join late. All right, so I now that I got everything together, let me let me let me do as George says and don't talk about analogies and just uh look at uh the PowerPoint and the trade. Now that I got all the math right on it. If I'm looking at this trade and I'm setting this trade up, what we're going to do is we'll start in with a long call spread. And the long call spread, I've done this trade before. It's all
[39:17] about the adjustment after the market has moved. I've done it with 10 points, which the only downside of the 10-point-wide butterfly or a long call spread is that you are if you roll into the butterfly, you're only 10 points wide. In the SPY, you'd only be one point wide. And it's very hard to get something out of that trade when you are so tight on a large index. So, I'd like to go 15 points wide, but you have a little bit more upfront cost in order to do that. So, if I'm doing this trade and I come in and I pay the net debit of $8.75, I've already explained the benefits of being in the trade in that if I do it, I pay $8.75, and uh my risk is going to be that if the market stays above 5828, which is I'll do the math on that and
[40:19] I'll make sure I got it right. 583485 minus the uh uh 58 2875. Okay, so you have six points that the market can stay within and you're still profitable. So, if the market drops six points, this trade is still at break even. Six $6.10 to be exact. Now, the market goes up. Okay. Uh normally, if I'm doing this trade, the maximum you can make on it is 15 or the maximum it's worth is 15 or $6.25, which is 15 minus the 875, $625. All right. So, if I can sell this thing for uh 13 or $14 on my long call spread, I am going to get out and I'm going to do that
[41:21] especially if I can do it early. Let's say we get a 1% move to the upside on Tuesday. We put this trade on on Monday on the 28th. If we get a one or a one and a half percent trade to the upside, this would be trading anywhere from 13 to $14, somewhere right in that range. I would then get out of the trade, especially because time decay is is is there's just too much time premium to try to wait it out to try to get the maximum on the trade. In order to get the maximum of the on the trade, the 5835 call has to wither away. It's right now trading for $41.40. You can't make the maximum on the spread until this gets closer to zero as far as time premium is concerned. That's all time premium right there. Okay. Now, market goes against us. Let's say the market goes down half a percent. If it goes down half a percent, the initial butterfly you were paying $3.40 for if you just put on a butterfly at
[42:26] the money using calls on Monday. If you did that trade. If the market goes down, what this is implying is that this butterfly, this short spread is $5.35. Now, I want to reduce my risk. If the market goes down, I'm losing money on this trade, right? If I'm down a half a percent, this is trading for around 450, 475. And I could just sell it and get out and use the rule that if I'm down 50% on my trade, I want to get out of the trade and just move on. And that's a viable strategy that I've seen a lot of long spread traders do. Right. This is my alternative. Instead of selling it, what I'm going to do is watch this short spread. And my the math will be different depending on the day. If it's on Tuesday, the math this math will be fairly accurate. It'll be fairly close
[43:30] to this price when you uh initially put it on. Wednesday, time premium still is very sticky in the S&amp;P 500 index. Now, let's say the market then starts drifting down. If it goes down and it gets to the point where I am 20, 30, maybe 40 points below where we started, this would start trading at about half of the net credit to the account. Half of it would be $2.50. So, we'll call it $2.50. Um that's where my number would be. I would want to bring it if I could bring in $2, I'd still want to do it on this trade as opposed to just selling the long spread outright. If we get this trade done for a net credit of $2, we then have this long spread position on in our account. And if we do that on this trade, we still have risk of $6.75. But, if the market comes back and lands
[44:35] within the strikes of our butterfly, there is a chance that we could get out at break even. We would have to sell our butterfly for close to the net debit that we paid, $6.75. It's a 15-point wide butterfly, so that's very feasible to be able to get that type of premium for it. And and now I can just let the position ride if I want. If I see it come within the range, I get out, but I don't want to make another adjustment to this trade. I've had two scenarios where I make money. The market stays where it's at, the market goes higher, I'm okay, and I introduced a third scenario where I'm dead wrong on my forecast and the market can come back and I can still break even. And that's quite simple. So, this is a great question from Wesley. Does the adjustment work on a normal call vertical? Um It would Well, you mean out of the
[45:39] money? No. So, if I start out of the money, Wesley, and the market goes against me, so let let me read the question cuz this is uh uh uh uh a very um very good question. Does the adjustment work on a normal call spread out of the money? If the stock drops, it seems that the amount of the strike would not generate enough premium, and therein lies the issue. If I'm doing an out-of-the-money call spread, and I start out of the money, I am already hedging my position, if you will. Today's daily play, we did it uh it was a great example. Uh if you are a client and you check out the daily uh daily play it, I did a very speculative trade on Amazon. And I managed my risk by going out of the money and lowered the overall cost of the trade. So, if I'm going out of the money on a long call spread, I'm not
[46:43] going to really adjust it. It's just that that simple. That's the way I trade my long call spreads is if I'm doing that, I'm speculating. I might be doing it because I saw a stock break out to the upside on the chart, and so I'm going to do a shorter-term long call spread to try to take advantage of it. I'm trying to think of scenarios where I might do an out-of-the-money one. But, if you do it, that it would be so tight that if the market started going down, it'd be very hard to be able to get a decent credit to make it worth your while to adjust it. Not saying it's impossible, and it the underlying does matter. If you're doing it in uh if you're doing the trade in uh I'm trying to think we did uh SHOP recently in the uh in in the something that's trading around let's just use it a number. I'm trying to think of something that's trading around 60% implied volatility that underlying was. So, if I have a a vol a very volatile underlying, then
[47:46] maybe. If I'm doing it at Walmart, not a chance, right? Right, not a chance at all. So, there you go, Wesley. Okay. Well, thank you for your kind words, Forrest. I appreciate that. And I got to have to admit I've done this presentation at least 300 times. I just got the math all screwed up. I was trying to combine my presentation that that I did with the butterfly. And I know that's what it was cuz I used those slides. So, I apologize. It that's on me. It's on me. All right. Uh, any other questions? Should we close the butterfly or let it expire? No. Uh, Asian, yeah, I know I'm I've butchered your name. I apologize. So, I'm just not going to try it again. Uh, should we close the butterfly or let it expire? I don't mind closing it. If it comes back and hits your your short strike of your butterfly, close it. Just close it. Just It It might not It might not get you out exactly at break even, but I
[48:51] don't want it to continue on up and just blow it away. So, I usually close it. You know, and once again, if I'm on Friday and it's noon, you know, the SPX is cash settled. So, that's a wonderful thing about the SPY compared to the SPY is that all that happens is it lands within your butterfly strikes within your TP, there's cash in your account where cash used to not be. And it's that simple. So, I don't mind doing it, but if it if it comes back, I'm normally going to close it. If it runs away from me, I'm not going to adjust it anymore. Hi, can you see the visual separate spread price minus that decision? Can you see the in in uh, let me I'm sorry if I lean forward. My eyes aren't what they used to be. Can you see the individual separate spread price to make that decision? You can. So, you can set up an alert inside OptionsPlay to say if the spread is trading at this price, let me out or let me know. Let me
[49:55] know and then you would have to execute it at your your brokerage platform. So, you're doing so Frank, I'm going to turn your question around and and really what Frank is asking is when do I know that this is cuz I can't do it off of the price, right? I'm telling you from my years of experience approximately when this is going to get to two and a half or $2 and I'm selling it anywhere in that range. It gets down to a dollar and a half, I don't know if that's really worth it. Maybe, um but I might just close out the long spread at that point in time. Cuz I'm just not I I need to reduce my risk by a substantial amount to make it worth my while to do this. And to me $2 out of a $8.75 trade, that's that's a substantial amount in my mind. Okay, so when how do I make this decision? You want your platform and I keep hitting I'm trying to highlight things, so let's go back. I keep clicking it to highlight it, but I can't highlight it. Okay. Um so, if I'm in this position and I'm
[50:58] looking at this, this is what you're setting the alert on. You're not setting the alert on this price. You're setting the alert on this spread. And Wes and Wesley's got another great question. Even though you guys are doing the chat box on instead of the question the Q&amp;A, I am addressing them cuz I feel bad. I I had my math all screwed up. Oh my gosh, I got a lot of other questions in here. All right. Uh use this adjustment only for very short dated positions. Here's the issue, Wesley, is the butterfly needs time decay to work. The butterfly needs time decay to work. So, I can do this with a longer dated position. I can go out 40 days and and I can put the trade on and adjust it if if I see my short call spread at the price that I want it. But, if the market then comes back, the butterfly just doesn't reward me enough.
[52:03] It In order for a butterfly to really pay out, you need to be closer to the expiration day. For example, and this is just by chance that this is in here, but you see this is as of today. When I set up this butterfly and the put butterfly seminar, uh this was as of today where that butterfly was at. Now, at expiration, you see the home run. You see the TP. So, one day goes by, this line moves up to here. Another day goes by, it moves up to here. And out of the five days, so this was a five-day butterfly. This was a profit and loss graph to a five-day butterfly. And this is where it starts, but at by Wednesday or Thursday, you're hanging somewhere in here on the profit and loss graph. Okay. And let me try to address some of the other questions. Man, a lot of great questions. I really apologize. And I can If you guys want, I'll do another one of these.
[53:05] Um Hey Brian, I have Okay, Wayne. Wayne's got a good question here. I have a Nvidia bull call spread. I bought So, now this one Wayne in Nvidia Well, you should be doing really well if you bought an Nvidia bull call call spread. Uh on the 29th and add 145 call for $4. Oh, it has dropped. Oh, okay. So, Wayne, you did it you did it recently. Yeah. Wayne, that is a very plausible What What is What is the expiration? So, can I Can we see this question? I don't If I pull it to my screen, I don't think you'd be You're You'd be able to see it. But, I like this. Okay, so Wayne's saying in in Nvidia is a an underlying that you could do this on. Now, he said that I bought a bull call spread in for the November 29th
[54:09] expiration. Okay, so now that's the only thing about this that's tough is that you're too far out. So, if you want to If you're thinking about getting out of your bull call spread, Wayne, this is an alternative. This is an alternative. But, if the market whiplashes back and gets to your short strike on your butterfly and you have two November 29th, it's not going to It's not going to give you the the hedge the protection that you were hoping because it won't be trading for too much more than where it's at right now. So, you would need a little bit more time decay. If you were within the last 10 days to expiration on this, I would consider it. I would consider it. But, at this point in time, if you're nervous, I would get out. You just have too much time premium. You started with too much time, Wayne. Uh but, I like Nvidia going in going into November and October. I You got plenty of time. I would probably
[55:10] just stay the stay the course in it right now. But, obviously, you're going to be hitting into earnings. Earnings are about a month out. They're usually a month after the the the main mag seven or the the bulk of the main seven announce. So, earnings is going to probably be in that expiration at some point in time. Maybe it's December. I don't know if it's early December. Okay, so then another thing. What was your target on the SPX when you entered the trade? Didn't necessarily have a target to be blunt. If I put this trade on, I just want the market to go up. So, ideally I think that the market's going to be bullish over the week and this is a neutral to bullish trade. So, if I get up if I get it So, I could probably say it this way that if the market was up about 1% from Monday, if I put it on on Monday and on Wednesday the market was up 1% from that day, I would probably good enough to get out of the trade. That's where my where my outlook would be. That's a strong move in the SPX.
[56:13] Now, recently we've had 1 and 2% moves and this is abnormal to have those type of moves in the SPX at this point and or just overall over the many years. It's very hard for the SPX to move a 1 or 2% on a 1-day period. It let alone a week. Do you prefer starting with a call spread and then legging to a bee fly? You You know, William, I I don't mind starting with the call spread. This is my call spread. This is my bull spread strategy, but you could do it with a put if you were bearish. But remember, this is a chip in a chair strategy and I'm using another analogy, but this is this isn't a a perfect trade. If if you The market goes down, you're playing the hope game. But I'm giving you a way to play the hope game because my experience with retail clients is that they don't play the hope game. They
[57:15] just let the they just let the long spread expire. They say, "I'm going to get out when it gets down to you know, when I lose half of my value." But they don't. And then the market keeps drifting lower and they say, "Well, okay, if it gets back to the of the value, I'll get out." And it doesn't. And before you know it, you never get out of the long spread. You lost everything that was in the trade. And I feel like retail clients, retail traders can get on board with a strategy more like this that you can ride to that expiration date, and it gives you a reason to do it. So, but realize it's not, you know, um In order for a hedge to usually be good and reward you if the market keeps going, you usually have to add risk. And it's that simple. And when I put the next chapter in my book, um that will cover these trades, and
[58:19] that is probably going to be the most profound statement of managing trades. Very rarely do you have an adjustment on a trade that adds no additional risk and reduces the overall risk of the trade. So, if you adjust this trade and you're going with the market and you're saying, "Okay, I'm no longer bullish. I'm now bearish, and I hope that it's going to continue on down." Bottom line is you're going to have to put additional risk onto the trade. It's just that simple. It's very rare that you can do that. Now, if I go out on a covered call and I own the stock and I roll that out, well, why do people like to do that? It's cuz they can do it for a net credit, but they've lost on the first trade that they put on. Um if I'm doing a covered call, for example, and let's just talk about adjustments, and I buy to close and I go up and out in strike, and I get it done for a net credit, I've
[59:23] already locked in a loss on that trade. Here I have it. I haven't locked in the loss cuz I haven't sold the position that I owned. I don't know if that necessarily matters, but the only other example of real adjustments where you're not adding additional risk, you're at least establishing a loss in your account by rolling an option up and out on a covered call, which I'm assuming most people have done in this room or understand that concept. Yeah, so Frank, you know, I don't mind If I'm doing the butterfly, I prefer to do shorter term and I prefer to use big indexes. It's been kind of a trend. A lot of people like to just do a one-day butterfly in the SPX with all the zero DTEs. So, yes, I do prefer to do the shorter time frame if I'm doing a butterfly because of the way that you get paid on the trade. The only one that
[60:27] I don't mind going a little bit longer on is the modified the not the modified the skip strike butterfly. Uh and that's mainly because I'm treating the skip strike butterfly when I do it as an alternative to a short spread. And if you watch the butterfly video, I go into great detail as to my idea of a skip strike butterfly and the fact that I call it a skip strike butterfly has everything to do with it as an alternative to a short call or a short put spread. Sandra, thanks for the kind words. Okay, and Forest had a trade. Yeah, you start Forest, if you do this trade So, Forest, that presentation, actually somebody had commented on your chat. That presentation is actually the last presentation.
[61:31] When your butterfly doesn't stops flying is what the presentation was. Something very similar to that title. So, if I'm doing a butterfly, if I have a standard butterfly on or a modified butterfly, I actually I don't do standard butterflies that much. That's my adjustment. But I I prefer to do the modified butterfly where you have some risk. And in the daily play, I did one in the VIX index that's still very pertinent today. As a matter of fact, I will probably add to my VIX modified butterfly call position. Well, tomorrow if the if the VIX is still trading around 22, I like it better than when it was around 19. So, I'm still anticipating that after the big event, the election, and a few days into that that that we'll see the VIX start drifting back towards where it wants to be, right around the 15 16 level, which is the mean. The the VIX is always a a mean reverting index.
[62:35] So, if you go back and look at the daily plays and you look at the portfolio, if you are a part of the options play clientele or group or gaggle, you have access to that butterfly and I would actually look at doing it again right now. Cuz it's going out till November 20th, which is the normal monthly expiration in the VIX. So, a modified put butterfly, and I'll end with this one, okay, Williams William. And like I said, this is a three-part series, and I might go back and redo this one. We'll see. Maybe I'll just do a recording and and I'll post it. Um but I'll come back and and redo it with with where I don't have my numbers. I had my head just all screwed up on that one. Um So, uh but the modified put butterfly went into great detail. It was two uh events ago.
[63:38] Uh just uh butterfly breakdown was the name of the seminar. But when you modify my put butterfly here, I'm buying a long spread uh with the put. Buying this strike, selling this strike. And that let's say that gives us 10 points, right? And then on the other side on the butterfly, the short spread, you are selling this strike and buying that strike. Well, you just drop short. You don't buy all the way down, right? So, in this instance, let's say and I'll make it very very simple, the long spread is 10 points, the short spread is five points, well, then you're still profitable if it goes below this strike. So, you don't need it to hang right where your your strike is in the middle. And if you're doing that, um you're you're going to pay up a little bit more for your butterfly to start, right? Because you're just not going to get as much credit from the short spread to help pay for the long spread. Well, you can watch the video, and then
[64:47] all you got to do is fast forward to the end, and I actually gave a in my mind a pretty good presentation after I got my uh cobwebs out of my mind. And I'm saying cobwebs cuz yes, it is Halloween. And cobwebs are a little a little bit of a appropriate statement, I guess. All right, guys. Anything else? That's it. Thank you for coming. I stayed longer because I did mess up in the middle. Made a solid recovery though and uh and and we'll see we'll see where we end up. Thank you. The only VIX trade I have seen is a bearish debit spread. Bill? Yeah, that's right. That's right. That's right. Okay, um Yeah, it's a bearish debit spread. You're right, Bill. Bill Bill, you're right. Um I mixed it up again.
[65:50] Before going into September, I did I did the modified put call spread. But I want to get bearish in the VIX, Bill. I want to get bearish. I want the VIX to go below 16 and I think it can do it after this big event. We get through these this season of earnings. We get through the election. And I think in general, the VIX will start coming back down and trading within the means. And not saying that the market's going up market's going down, I just think that the market is very nervous right now. And uh the VIX wants to be at some point in time down around the 16 level and that is what what my outlook was. All right, thanks everyone. Have a very happy Halloween and check out optionsplaybook.com if you want to review those skip strike butterflies. I don't have the modified butterfly in there, but everything's available inside optionsplaybook.com and obviously you can uh paper trade inside the options play platform. Try
[66:55] putting a few of those on, putting them into your portfolio and then check them out. Understanding option pricing is everything that this is about, all right? Understanding what happens as expiration approaches has everything to do with this adjustment that we looked at. Thanks for coming and uh we'll see you see you soon.