But the diversification is not in terms of strategy but more in terms of products and assets is is is how is what you &gt;&gt; That's correct. &gt;&gt; Got it. Got it. So I I remember there's another thing I'm not sure a few years back it could be five or six years back or more maybe a decade back Tom and you know You you did a series on scalping with Tony. Okay and I remember it was like some five or six videos on scalping and it was something very new and exciting to me at that point of time. So I still remember it that that's &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; So one of the questions I'm not sure if you would still remember so one of the questions which I had was was it was scalping something very intuitive to you or was there some method to what you were doing? I'm just curious a lot of people ask me that question you know so I thought I should ask you. &gt;&gt; Well I have been scalping for 43 years. So when you say is it something that's intuitive to me or something that I enjoy doing the answer is yes. Because even today you know I've been scalping S&amp;P futures this morning. I've been you know scalping some some stocks in addition to my position trading so you know I mean I've already made probably 30 scalps this morning. So the answer to your question is yes I've been doing it my entire life and I'll continue to do it till the day I die I'm sure. Um So yeah it's important to me it's an engagement tool. It's fun keeps my mind sharp. It keeps me on top of everything that's going on in the markets. Um you know it's it's literally part of my being is you know is intuitively scalping the markets. I mean sometimes I think I'm good at it but you know, again, I've been doing it a long time. But you know what? Um I do it more because I love it than you know, than anything else. &gt;&gt; Okay. But then you also say you're not a chartist. So what what are you looking at when you when you're scalping? &gt;&gt; Oh, I've never looked at a chart in you know, in four decades. Um not I'm not looking at anything on charts. I mean, I'm just looking at price. I mean, I I I memor- I mean, I know every single price. I don't You know, all I do is watch markets. I don't need to look at a chart to tell you, you know, where we are or where we've been or anything like that. You know, I I promise you you could not stump me on on where the market is or anything like that. &gt;&gt; Got it. Got it. Interesting. Interesting. So uh so yeah, so that's that's something which I had on my mind. I'm so glad I've you know, I've been able to ask you this question. Um there's another question which comes to my mind talking about strategies. So given that you've been in the markets for four decades, are there things that you saw uh are there anomalies [clears throat] which you saw existed at one point of time, but today, you know, it it makes no sense to trade them? And what are they if if if you if you remember any of those? &gt;&gt; I mean, there's some indexes that um I mean, there's always going to be some indexes and some stocks that used to be super liquid and they just, you know, they're just not they're not there anymore. You know, um different indexes that have dried up, different products that have, you know, I mean, there's always some rotation. Um so, I think yeah, I mean, you know, when I first started trading, the most actively traded equity was IBM. You know, now IBM's not even in the top 100. You know, so it just depends. When I started trading, the S&amp;P 100, the OEX, was the most actively traded index. Today, it doesn't even trade anymore. So, you know, it really just depends. A lot of things change. I wouldn't read too much into that cuz there's tons of There's tons of new stuff as well. &gt;&gt; Mhm. So, as a as a trader, if if someone is starting right now, do you think How do they think about it? So, uh how do they kind of factor in um the the changing possibility of products? And so, what what kind of an edge should one develop if I have to, you know, if I have to build a career in this area, if I have to become a better trader? &gt;&gt; Well, I I think the key to becoming a better trader is to is to trade. You know, I know that sounds so basic, but I think it's the kind of um it's the kind of business where you just you have to you have to get involved in order to really understand. You know, there's a lot of know-how. There's a lot of um experience that you get from just, you know, pushing buttons and doing certain things. And I it it's hard, and I think you just need to experience it to see if it's something that that you like, that gets you excited. &gt;&gt; Mhm. And is there I mean, I I know it's related, but then is is that how you think one can develop an intuitive sense of what's going to work and what's not? Or you know, are there things that you would see in a in a winning strategy or something? Uh if you look at a strategy, you say, "Okay, how do you develop that sense that hey, you know, this this approach to markets is not going to work?" How do you uh &gt;&gt; I I think it's really important that you figure that out. I think different people have different risk tolerances. Like, it's For example, some people are very comfortable with undefined risk. Other people are very uncomfortable with undefined risk. And I think it's impossible to bucket everything, you know, to blanket everything and generalize. I think you have to let people experiment for themselves. Some people like equities, some people only like index. If you like this video, please take a look in the description at what I'm building now. You can join along for free, get access to my new portfolio, career optimization tools, financial forecasting, and our new prediction engine. Stay tuned for even more.
