[00:00] Hey guys, September 23rd, 2026 here with your nightly watch list video. Um, man, there is quite a few names that look terrible. Now, even even today, the thing that kind of um stands out the most is how well software held up today. um you know even names that I don't necessarily think are viable for tomorrow but this absolutely massive move in FSLY I you know kind of um unexplainable but you know maybe a name to be paying attention to over the coming days uh as well but software acting uh pretty dang phenomenal small caps biotech not very pretty um so yeah I mean the regional banks and and obviously biotechs um you know they they do make up a nice piece of the IWM kind of ugly uh when you look under the surface and and obviously this is something we've been talking about for a little bit.
[01:04] Um breath is is deteriorating we know that um but cybernames super super leadership and you know even a palunteer I I took it off the radar because it's just not viable. Um but it did everything and then some. Uh where where if you look at today's market, you would be like that's kind of odd. You know, everything else was selling off. Um you know, you kind of look at SpaceX intraday and you look like how how is this doing this all day? But then Palunteer on the flip side of that just, you know, acting phenomenal and then consolidating near those highs. So, um, interesting environment obviously, and I just want to kind of make sure that I'm narrowing my focus. If money wants to continue to go into software, that's where I want to make sure that I'm paying attention to. Um, and and yeah, let's just kind of start at the top.
[01:57] So, Bloom Energy, love how tight we are here on the right hand side. Very, very tight inside day. Do we buy this breakout 28270? Um, I I think it's possible in an even better scenario, we sell off into the 20-day and then we can kind of look at that spot. So, this feels like a very cookie cutter pennant setup that I think everybody can see. If we're going to buy the breakout, I'm going to need to see one, a good environment, and two, massive volume coming in uh really within the first 10 minutes of the day.
[02:32] HPE I I don't you know some people will kind of look at this and say that it looks explosive and while I might agree I just don't love this wedging action into this eyes I'd love to see one more little shakeout and then get going. Um we could pull up Dell as well. I am going to be eyeballing this. I did buy and hold a piece of this. It's not really seeing massive distribution. We'll see how that ends up uh panning out. you know, take out today's lows. Maybe we have a date with the 20 simple moving average and then try to find a spot against the 20. If not, taking out today's highs maybe could be viable. But again, you're going to want to see a good environment.
[03:12] IGV, I bought this one today as well. Really, really nice action. Um, could this just be viable on some more taking out today's highs if software is acting well? 10850 is the spot that I would be watching if you don't want to um you know cherrypick which software name you want to own. Maybe just own the software ETF. Microsoft again just continues to consolidate really nicely here. Yes, Mega Cap names came under some pressure today in order for me to be uh a buyer here. I'm going to need to see this take out 50950 and then off to the races.
[03:49] Micron has earnings next week, Wednesday. So, not a lot of time. Maybe a quick little check back into that um 1040 level and then we could start to find some support and then turn back up. Maybe, just maybe, we pull back one more day and then um going into Thursday or excuse me, Friday, uh we could be playing this as a higher low. But again, if you buy it on Friday, Friday, Monday, Tuesday, you'd need it to really push away from your cost in order to be able to keep it into um its own earnings report.
[04:22] NO really nice day today as well. Take out yesterday's high 14210 and then off to the races. NTAP, another really nice one today. Again, I still think you just got to take out that 199 level and then maybe off to the races again. Sometimes you get into like these whole dollar levels. So really just over 200 good below 200 uh not so good. Pretty straightforward there. Again, SanDisk, similar story against 1,800 maybe one to watch. There is a chance if Micron does pull back a little bit more, you get the same kind of deal um on SanDisk and then off the 10day potentially um good to go.
[05:00] And then team another software stock acting really really great after its own earnings. Does it need more sideways? Potentially, but these software names are acting great. Really? Over 200. Good. 200 was the exact high on Tuesday. Over 200 uh good. Under 200 not so good. I I don't want to have this big watch list. You You're just continuing to see breath deteriorate. New highs needs leads new or new lows leads new highs by a wide margin. Um, so not something that I necessarily want to jump in front of. Um, but you've also maybe are getting to some levels where you're getting so oversold that the market can, you know, stage at least an oversold rally in some of these groups that have gotten absolutely destroyed.
[05:48] But um, yeah, we'll see. I I don't want to have too many names on the radar. I have some names that are working. I picked up IGV and PNW today. I kept a very very small piece of Dell. I tried SanDisk. That did not work. But a short and sweet on the watch list video today. Not a ton going into tomorrow. I don't think we should have a ton uh going into tomorrow. Let's let the market kind of firm up. Um because I really just don't love the action in smalls and and even today. And I don't love that yields are ripping that will compress margins. Um so not necessarily what we want to see. But um yeah, again trying to remain optimistic in this environment. when I click the button and I can gain traction, it's hard to get negative.
[06:33] Maybe, just maybe, uh, the market can, you know, pick itself back up here, uh, after a kind of ugly down day today, but ugly down day and you're still 1.2% away from an all-time high. Uh, is kind of mind-blowing when you look underneath the surface and realize how bad things really are. So, one day at a time, I'll see you guys on the desk bright and early tomorrow morning. Cheers.
