Hey guys, welcome to the second session on how to grow a small trading account of around $10,000. So, in last week's session we went over you know, foundation and mindset, you know, why most small accounts fail by over-leveraging, the power of journaling, we went through that in depth. Uh, the math of survival, asymmetric loss versus gain, position sizing, and risk management. And why going big is a sure fire way to failure. Today, because obviously, um, I have limited time each day to cover these topics. But today we're going to delve into session two, which is strategies, right? Obviously, naturally the the next progression is "How do I actually grow my account and what strategies are good to be using, right?" Um, so in this we'll cover why strategy choice is constrained by account size, uh, margin requirements versus buying power, uh, avoiding naked options to find risk being paramount, obviously, four strategies, and then underlying selection. So, the first thing is is that with a smaller account, you're you're not able to do all the strategies that a more well-capitalized account is able to do. And that's just a function of of of not having enough margin in your margin account to actually, you know, uh, open positions that larger account is able to open, for example. Um, having buying power to buy a higher priced name, let's say a Tesla like $405 a share, or an Amazon at, you know, 248 roughly, um, or a Micron which is trading over $1,000 per share, you're obviously very limited, right? You can't just can't just go out and buy 100 shares of that asset if you're trying to trade options on it. Uh, and so you're kind of focused on strategies that allow you to grow your account in a responsible way, but from a small, &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; uh, number and small risk overall. And so, these strategies really are all all around, um, you know, well, to start off, long puts and long calls, right? You buy a put option, you buy a call option, you have unlimited upside on the call option, you have, um, theoretically, well, not really unlimited upside on the on the put option because the maximum you can make is from your strike price to zero, but if you look at an option chain, and let's look at, for example, uh, Nvidia over here because we used that other example last week. I mean, I'm going to use Nvidia because it's it's a it's a name everyone understands, knows for the most part, and we're all familiar with it. I want to be consistent across this, um, these modules, anyway. So, right now you have an asset that's $210, approximately, USD per share. And to buy 100 shares would cost you, uh, about $21,000 US, right? The reason why I mentioned 100 shares is because each option contract that you buy gives you the right to buy or sell 100 shares of that asset. So, if you're buying, you know, for example, the 200 strike call option that expires in July, which is about a month away, on Nvidia, and you say, "You know what? I could buy 100 shares if I had $21,000 in my account." Again, we're presuming here that you have maybe 10K in your account. Well, instead, you're you're far more limited, right? You could buy, instead, a position that acts almost as a as a proxy for owning Nvidia in that you buy a call option at the $200 strike price, that would be in the money, and you'd be paying about $15 for that contract, which means you're paying $1,500 because each contract covers 100 shares. And [clears throat] not diving into like the the nuances of the Greeks here because that's not the point of this discussion, but essentially here, you're paying a premium of about $5 over the current price. That's the cost of doing business by having this leverage in your portfolio because as a 10K account, you cannot afford to buy 100 shares, but you can buy one call option. And so with this in mind, let's say you have a thesis for example that Nvidia is going to run to, you know, 230 by the expiration date July 17th. Well, if you were correct on that assumption, you would essentially double your money on this position. So you turn $1,500 roughly into $3,000 and on a 10K account, that would require you to risk 15% of your account to make a return of 15%. Now, on that note, let's say you're bearish instead on Nvidia obviously, right? You could buy a put option and you could buy one in the money as a proxy for being short the stock. Again, a similar idea would be buy the 220 strike call uh put option, $50 roughly, and let's say you thought it was going to 190 for example by July 17th, then you would make $15 profit on this put option. But notice how on both these contracts, there is a premium attached that you're paying a $5 premium above the current price. That is the risk premium on these options, right? Because naturally if options traded at a pure intrinsic value where there was no detriment to you owning the option versus the stock, there would be no impetus for anyone to actually own the stock. Everyone would just own the options because they're a fraction of the cost and they're far more capital efficient. Um the way you can kind of think about this is a little bit is like, you know, getting a mortgage on a house versus buying in cash outright. Buying an option is similar to buying a mortgage. Um the only difference being that you have no collateral behind buying that option, right? If you want to actually own the asset at the expiration date, you need to have enough capital to take assignment of that asset. And given that Nvidia is, you know, 210 a share roughly, you need $21,000 in capital or equivalent margin in your port you know, in your account in order to actually take assignment of, for [clears throat] example, a $200 call option if it expires in the money. So, um you have these, you know, basic strategies, buying a call, buying a put. And you might think, okay, well, I could buy an out of the money call or out of the money put as well. And that is a reasonable assumption because obviously the asymmetry of risk is pretty incredible. You can go out of the money further and further, and the the further you go out of the money, the cheaper the option gets. But the trade-off is that the probability of that option expiring with some value is not very high. You require a much, much larger move to occur in your favor very quickly in order to make money on that position. This is why brings us to our next kind of discussion point, right? Because I don't think buying single legs, calls or puts is the most constructive way to grow a small portfolio. You you have to take too much risk uh on a percentage basis to make perhaps great reward, but at the same time you want to be consistent here, right? The The focus is on being consistent, not on hitting the one-off home run where you might double your account value very quickly, but alternatively, you might lose half of your account. So, if we go from just, you know, a long call or a long put, we focus now instead on vertical spreads, debit and credit spreads. These are the best options cuz they're they're defined risk and they require far lower capital. So, going back to our discussion on Nvidia, um it's like my screen is a bit frozen. There we go. On the same line of thinking that we had before, instead of just buying the call option, we can in our margin accounts sell a call option against our call option, or we can sell a put option against our put option, right? Creating a call spread or a put spread. Um Now, let's say for example that the first step that I always take myself, just for you guys to know, is I look at the the straddle price. Cuz that gives me an inclination as to what the market expects the underlying asset to do by a certain uh expiration date. So, the current closest strike price to the current spot price is 210. And the straddle right now is pricing in, if you combine these costs, you have 210 call and a 210 put. And the combined cost here is about $17.20. That tells us that the market expects Nvidia to move up or down from this current price, 210 roughly, uh uh by about $17 by July 17th. So, now we can kind of like we go to a chart and say, "Okay, well, given that we know that the market's pricing in this kind of range, how do we want to express our overall um positioning there?" All right, guys, one sec, guys. When I have Zoom running and IBKR with all the charts and stuff, it just it bogged my system down. Doesn't matter how much RAM you have. It's like I uh IBKR is a huge RAM hog. So, here we go. One sec, guys. So, looking at the chart, we can establish essentially the range um on the chart ourselves. So, we draw two lines, $17 above and below the current price. So, 210 minus 17 is like is 193, somewhere around here. You notice I have this alert set our morning meeting which we discussed um a trigger uh point to like go long here and and buy some or buy some calls or perhaps stock here perhaps uh if it goes up well again. And then the other point would be 210 plus 17 which is 227. So near the highs over here. So so now now you have this kind of range established, right? You can go up or down from the current price. You can go up to here or we could also go down to here. That's the range we're looking at for the month ahead. So this is this is a good way to think about &gt;&gt; that? &gt;&gt; This is a good way to think about uh Sorry me sorry guys uh John's mic was was open there. Um this is a good way to think about how to structure your trade, right? Unfortunately right now we're kind of in the middle of this of a of like a of a range here. It looks like we're we're going to break back up toward the highs again, but we're not at a really great point to give you um a high confidence trade. But the the point of this of of of this discussion is not to elicit like uh you know, a high confidence trade overall perhaps, right? It's just discuss strategies that you could use, right? So let's presume that maybe you're bullish uh into the July op ex instead of being bearish, right? Well, naturally you want to look at that 230 roughly area as a target based upon the current straddle price. So again, going back to our chart to our option chain now. We look at That's slow. One sec, guys. There we go. Um we look at a target of 230 approximately, right? So there are many ways you can express this overall thesis. You could go, you know, in the money call spreads, you could go with with an at the money call spread perhaps. Uh you can go with an out-of-the-money call spread. It really depends on what your overall focus is. Do you want higher probability, lower profit trades? Or do you want lower probability, higher profit trades? Said differently, do you want to have more units of reward per unit of risk? Or do you want to have, you know, lower amounts of reward with higher probability essentially, right? So, here you can look at, for example, let's say we said, "Okay, I think it's going to go to 230 by expiration." I can buy this call option, 210 strike price, and sell the 230 strike price call option against it. Now, my cost basis goes down to about $6. Now, I'm risking six and change to make a maximum profit of 230 to 210 is 20, minus six is 14. I'm risking six to make 14. And this is kind of the way you got to think about your your trade structure. Using spreads will be your friend, because even though you're going to cap your gains, the intention is not to hit on home runs, it's to hit base hits recurringly with decent degrees of profit where your risk is capped. So, in this scenario, you're risking about on a 10K account 6% of your portfolio to make an additional return of 14% on your portfolio. You might perhaps have a mental stop loss of like 50% of the position, which is what I typically do is I say, "Okay, if it hits, for example, half the value of my entry point, $3 in this case, perhaps, you stop out, take a loss, admit that you were incorrect, perhaps, and then move on to the next trade, right?" A very um like automatic approach, robotic approach, some may say, but it's the way that you want to kind of develop your pattern of decision-making with respect to finding um consistency in your in your in in your overall outcomes overall, right? So, you can go, you know, 20 wide perhaps, or make or maybe you say to yourself, you know what, I'm not comfortable with taking 6% risk. I want a bit less risk, right? Well, if you go out of the money instead, let's say you roll up to the 220 strike instead, 230 call spread, so 220 230 call spread, long this, short this. Now, you're risking $200 and change to make a maximum profit of about $800. You're risking 2% of your portfolio to make a maximum profit of 8%, right? So, you're capping your gains, but your risk is much much lower. And if you got again use the same rule that I use, which is to cut half or sorry, cut my position if and when it hits 50% maximum loss, if I'm sizing um my my typical size, then you're going to cut it out of the loss of roughly $100 or so. You're pretty much pretty much saying mentally, I'm okay with losing $100 or 1% of my portfolio, because I have upside here of, you know, 8% roughly. And you might not even target the maximum 8% because if for example Nvidia shoots to like 225 tomorrow, would you be willing to hold that trade for the next 30 days where you're risking $5 to make five more dollars? The answer is probably not, unless you've in some way de-risked your position where let's say for example you have two contracts or two spreads, and they go from $2 and change to $5, in that case you sell one of them, now you have a free position, right? It it removes the emotion from the decision-making process, which is what you want to do essentially. The again, I'll say it again and again, the best way to think about trading is not about optimizing or maximizing the profitability, it's about minimizing your emotional attachment to each decision you make. Because ultimately, emotions are what elicit bad decision-making making processes over over time overall, right? Like think about a time when you guys have had perhaps a terrible outcome, what has precipitated that that terrible outcome? I would wager that you've probably taken some stupid amount of risk on a lower probability trade. Maybe you've averaged in an additive to a losing position recurringly. You sized way long way larger than you thought you would. I had a student a few years ago during COVID and he made a lot of money during that rally up like 2020 to 2022 roughly. He made about $5 million roughly. And in 2023 when we had that little bit of a or that that bear market in tech, namely, he started off with one position in the Nasdaq. Long tech. And as it started falling, he started adding to it. And before he knew it, he ended up losing 700k and it snowballed into him making bad worse and worse decisions overall. Long story short, he ended up losing $3.6 million or so of his $5 million and change of profit that he had earned in the prior couple of years. So imagine how terrible he felt, right? But again, that's where it doesn't matter how good of a trader you are, it only takes one stupid decision or one mistake to erase your entire career's worth of good decisions perhaps, right? Like imagine for example Warren Buffett said, "Hey, I'm going to go and YOLO before I retire. I'm going to take everything I have. I'm going to buy out of the money SPX put options on some kind of hunch or whatever. They expire worthless. It doesn't matter that he made all that money over his whole career and was very very astute and wise and and disciplined in doing it. That one decision that he made just obliterated every past decision he ever made. So again, the same can be said for anyone, right? Which is also why I I I put little credence into anyone that shows me like one good trade because ultimately it's it's what it's what you do day in day out that will elicit consistency in your outcomes, right? Um I'm not really impressed by anyone that hits a home run on on some gamble because ultimately it's not a repeatable process, right? What you want to do is find a repeatable process and using verticals or spreads um is a great way to do that, right? Again, you can use call spreads, you can use put spreads. It's kind of it it doesn't really matter. It depends on your overall thesis, right? So, um let's say you're bullish here again, you're risking two to make eight. You could you could also roll down and have different outlays. Let's say you want to go for example uh higher probability with lower profit, you might go 210 to 220 for example. In this case, you're now risking four to make six. You can see where I'm going with this, right? As you go in the money further and further, the asymmetry of risk worsens, but the probability of making that profit increases overall, right? So, you got to kind of find a happy medium there where you're being realistic about your your your outcome expectation and not being too outlandish and saying, "Hey, you know what? I'm going to buy the cheapest call option because I can buy a 250 strike call option for 70 cents for example, right?" And a lot of people would do that and say, "Well, they're cheap, so why not buy that?" Well, I would say the probability of that hitting based on the current delta right now is about 7%. Therefore, I would maybe sell that contract and say, "You know what? I'm not enthusiastic about buying that contract." So, again, same amount of thinking can be applied to buying a put a put spread. Let's say you're bearish, you might say, "Okay, well, you know what? I think we're going to go to 190. I'm going to go long the 200 strike price and short the 190 here overall, right? Again, similar outlay, risking two roughly to make eight. Exact same thought process just in reverse, I'm bearish instead of being bullish, right? Now, taking this one step further where when you understand the nuances of option trading, uh which not everyone does. Most people don't actually and I've I've worked with many many people that think they know about options because they traded them perhaps for, you know, a few years, but they don't understand the nuances behind them. And that's where you get the the true edge in understanding how to strategize and manage your risk by understanding the different variables that play into how an option moves. So, we go from vertical spreads to now butterfly spreads, right? They're a compromise on taking a directional bias and a very powerful strategy because you're a net seller of options in this instance. And for those of you guys that don't know what a butterfly is, it's where you buy a call option or a put option. I'll I'll demonstrate an example here. So, back to Nvidia again just to keep consistent here, right? So, let's let's say we have this the same thesis. It's going to Nvidia's going to go to 230 a share by July 17th, right? Well, I could for example, you know, buy a call spread or I could buy a call option. There are many different ways like there are an infinite number of permutations you could take to express your idea here, right? But, let's say that I wanted to be structured and methodical with my overall decision-making process and strategy and I want to keep my risk low with a higher probability of profit, but also be realistic here. So, I could do for example instead perhaps a 210 long 230 short, right? Which is a which is a call spread, right? We discussed in the first scenario. But now I'm going to take one step further and I'm going to turn it into a butterfly spread. So, now I'm adding a third leg of the contract. I'm selling two of the middle strike here. So, I'm buying one 210, selling two 230s, and buying one 250. Now notice my debit here is $4 and change. My maximum upside is from the first leg to the middle strike, which is $20 wide. Um and so I have upside here about $16 based on risk of um of $4 and change. And you actually have two different break-even um strikes here because essentially if we overshoot the middle strike here and go to like let's say for example like 240, you would still win, right? You would only lose if we uh maximum loss if we overshot past 250. But as we pass through the the body, which is the middle strike, that's um each each side of this is called a wing, right? So the lowest strike is a wing and the and the highest strike is a wing. The middle strike is the body, right? As we move toward the body, the profit uh the P&amp;L will actually improve in your favor, right? And as time decay kicks away and we move toward the expiration day, it'll improve more and more and more. So you wouldn't target a maximum profit on this position. You wouldn't target like a max gain um because then you'd be pretty much saying, "I think that Nvidia will expire at 230 on the nose at 4:00 p.m. on July 17th and hold that price into after hours, in which case I would make maximum profit." It's just not a realistic um expectation overall. So what you want to do is is is you want to perhaps think about it in a more realistic framework and say, "You know what? If and when this doubles in value and goes from, you know, $4 to $8 or $9 or $10, at that point in time, I will then sell the position and reposition myself based upon what I'm seeing at that point in time." Because ultimately if if nothing happens here and and Nvidia just kind of ticks away and uh time decay kicks in, you're going to see this position gradually increase in profit because what will happen is the middle strike here will lose most of its value. This contract here has not much value to lose already. And then your highest strike highest delta the here will lose some value due to the time decay, but because it's with within the realistic range of of the the implied move, you'll still have a fair amount of value there. So, um I won't get into into adjusting position because again, like the conversation can get very long here. Like I can talk for like, you know, 50 hours on on different topics around this, right? And when when I work with people one-on-one, typically we spend 25 hours one-on-one going over all these topics, um which is why these sessions have to be shorter, obviously, right? So again, the opposite scenario, let's say you're bearish, you would just switch this to a put position, and perhaps you would say, "Okay, I'm going to buy a let's let's look at, you know, an out-of-the-money position instead of at the money, right?" So, 200 strike long, let's go to for example the the 185 strike short, and we'll go to the 170 on the long over here. This is a $50 wide butterfly put spread, and now you see we have an outlay of $2 roughly for upside of $15 because the maximum profit here is from the middle strike to the long strike here, uh the highest strike. So, $15 minus two is 13. You have upside of 13 on two risk, right? That's your maximum loss. Uh and again, if you go back to the to the to the to the rule I mentioned of cutting your position at half of maximum loss, let's say it runs runs like 230 for example, and it goes to a dollar, you lose a dollar. You cannot have any risk, I mean, sorry, any reward without risk. And another one of my favorite quotes is in life, the biggest risk isn't taking no risk at all. Think about that for a sec. Um So, beyond this, looking at butterfly spreads, there there are more more permutations of of strategies you can use, you know, call condors or put condors. Again, if you want to Google those strategies, you can. I won't delve deeply in each strategy because the point of the conversation here is how to grow a small account, not how to focus on any strategy um individually. If you have any questions about this, you know, DM me on Discord, drop a comment on the YouTube channel. Like one of those things is totally fine. And I'll reply when I can. Um let's move forward to the next conversation point. Um 1 second. So the next strategy here is called a poor man's covered call. This is a more patience uh or sorry patient patients required strategy overall because you're pretty much just collecting premium. And essentially what you're doing here is instead of owning the underlying asset, if you own 100 shares of Nvidia for example, you have the ability to sell one call option against your position um whenever you want essentially. And you can harvest premium by doing that. So if you have a smaller account, you can't obviously buy 100 shares at you know, 20 21 grand roughly for 100 shares. So instead of that, you might say okay, well you know what? I'm going to buy perhaps a longer dated option. I'm going to buy perhaps let's go to like August or September perhaps, right? They go to September here. I can buy for instance right now if I go in the money. Again, more risk obviously because you're you're spending more premium. But let's say you buy the 180 strike here for like $36 roughly, right? The break even there is 180 plus 36, which is 216. I can buy this for September OPEX, 94 days away. Keep in mind my break even is is 216. So I can sell call options on shorter shorter durations um above my strike price to harvest premium and reduce my cost basis. Let's say for example, I go to to July 17th again, right? The same expiration date. And let's say that I want to sell the 220 strike price call option against my in-the-money call option. I can do that. I would be harvesting premium here of about $4.50 roughly on my 36 36 risk overall. So, on that risk there, if for example, we sit below 220, the short strike over here, what would happen? I'm making I'm making essentially $4.50 on 36 risk. I'm making 12 and 1/2% return on my risk harvesting that position. Now, if it pushes above 220 by July 17th, I may be forced to close the position out entirely, but in that case, I would I would gain an additional profit of 220 to 216, which which is my break even, minus $4.50 from the credit received on this short call option here. So, I would have a profit there of an additional roughly $10 or so. So, my my return there would be about 10 on 30 on 36 roughly. Oh, sorry. It'd be 10 on 32 because you're you're reducing your risk by from 36 down to 32 by selling that July OpEx contract. So, you'd be returning 31.25% percentage return in, you know, 31 days. Pretty remarkable percentage return, but again, not without risk because you're holding this long contract here, which comprises pretty much 32% of of your portfolio, or so. And if Nvidia sells off heavily, you could see a decent-sized loss. Although, you're you're buying a lot of time on your contract, so you're not too concerned about it dropping too too much in the short term because you have a lot of time on the contract. But again, this is an example of a poor man's covered call where you're harvesting premium recurringly on a longer-dated uh call option. Let's say after, for example, after July op ex, we say just below 220, and your call for September is around like $38 or $40 per contract, well, then what do you do then, right? You look at perhaps the following month, the August op ex, and then you sell perhaps the 230 call option or the 220 call option again, right? And each time you do that, you got to keep track of your math, obviously, and you subtract the cost um uh or say the debit cost of the contract from your net cost of your longer-term contract. So, let's say you initially bought this September contract for 36, and then you sold the July one for $4 and change. Now, your cost basis goes from 36 down to 32, roughly, right? Then, assuming everything expire uh everything expires worthless, you're still holding your September op ex contract. Then, you sell this contract at the 230 strike for like $6, for example, right? Now, your cost basis goes from 32 down to 26. So, you can recurringly lower your cost basis there. The only thing is, it's just a slow grind, right? Because you you're you're capturing premium every 30 days or so, right? Um it's a good strategy for smaller accounts, but it's a patience-based strategy where you got to kind of sit and wait. Um not a terrible option, especially if you're looking at, you know, a cheaper stock that has high IV. A good way to look at um look for opportunities is is to scan for high implied volatility rank or percentile using a scanner. Again, I won't delve into that topic right now because we're time constrained as it stands right now. So, beyond that, if you were to go from a, you know, a poor man's covered call into a discussion on what happens as your portfolio grows a little bit more perhaps, right? Well, beyond that there's a strategy which is very interesting and there are some funds that actually employ this strategy um pretty often. But there is a um a strike called cash secured puts obviously, right? So, cash secured puts are where essentially you have the cash in your portfolio to buy a given asset times 100 shares. And instead of buying that asset, you say, "You know what? I'm going to sell put option if we get below that strike price by the expiration date, I will be forced to take ownership of that position assuming I don't close it out prematurely." So, let's say for example that we look at again uh Nvidia just to be consistent here. Um although you you might find much much better opportunities than using Nvidia for this example, right? But let's say that you go to again maybe like the August OpEx and you say, "I'm cool with selling for example the 180 strike put option for $3 um as a cash secured put position." Not a lot of credit received, right? Like you're you're pulling in $3 of credit. Your risk is 180 essentially minus three which is 177. Although I would argue that the probability of Nvidia going down to zero in the next 66 days is not very high. Um nonetheless, it's a very very slow way to grow your account. Not a wrong way to do it, just a very slow way to do it, right? Because even if you have a margin account with like 10K in it for example, you would be allowed to sell a cash secured put here um because your brokerage would say, "Okay, well, in a worst case scenario that person will then own 100 shares of Nvidia which will be used as collateral for their position overall." So, you can do it if you wanted to, but is it the optimal strategy? I would argue using butterflies or verticals are far more um conducive to growing your portfolio in a more timely manner than cash secured puts. Cash secured puts are great if you have a larger portfolio where you have tons of capital and you're trying to cash flow your your your cash essentially, right? Like you know, I have I have I have 5 million bucks in my portfolio. I'm going to go ahead and sell whatever like 50 contracts at the 180 strike price for August. I'll capture, you know, $3 per contract, right? And that is meaningful premium. That's about $15,000 of credit in your account, you know, over the course of you know, 2 months roughly, right? So, you're cash flowing your your larger portfolio. Um there is a strategy which you can go beyond as well, which once you once you get to about 20 30k portfolio size, there are certain funds that will actually sell the strategy under like a kind of like a mutual fund or like an ETF vehicle. And it's called a short covered strangle. Essentially, you would buy the asset, for example, in video in this case, you buy let's say 100 shares. And then what you would do is you would sell a call option against your stock and at the same time sell a cash secured put. Essentially, selling the the strangle, the call out of the money and the put out of the money and capturing that, which would reduce your cost basis overall. So, an example of that would be, for example, you buy 100 shares at let's say 208 right now. Looking at the July OPEX again. Let's go back to here. You would sell, for example, the 220 strike price for 450 on the call side. You sell that. And then on the put side, you would sell perhaps the 200 strike put option for 470. Credit received here is not 17. It's It's like $10 roughly or $9 roughly. So, you're putting in $9 credit overall and essentially if Nvidia stays between 200 and 220, your cost basis drops from 208 down to like 199 on your shares that you own. And if it goes to 220 for example, it's the upside, you would then make $11 of profit on your position in addition to the $9 you have right here. So, you make about $20 overall of profit on 208 which is about like 9% return in the span of a month. Not bad at all whatsoever. Again, this strategy is better for larger portfolios because you can as you get larger, you don't care so much about the dollar denominated I'm sorry, the percentage gains. Those gains can be smaller while the dollars are larger, right? If your cost of living is pretty fixed and your portfolio is growing, you're not really concerned about, you know, making higher percentage percentage returns perhaps, but the dollar returns are meaningful because as they balloon, assuming you do not you do not increase your standard of of living dramatically. By that I mean I'm like making more money and going by you know, buying a new car, getting a larger house, buying, you know, a new Rolex for example, whatever. Like the point is is that if all else remaining equal, as your portfolio grows, this position uh sorry, [clears throat] this strategy will give you a very, very nice return overall because you can cash flow your larger portfolio and it's meaningful enough that you actually enjoy the benefits of it. Whereas in a smaller portfolio, you know, making $800 or or 900 bucks in the course of like, you know, a month out for example, it might not be very conducive to a good a good living for most people unless you have a job or some other form of income that is helping you to live overall. Um now beyond that, the last thing I want to mention before we take some Q&amp;A was liquidity, right? So, we focus on all these different strategies, but the important thing is you want to use these strategies only on liquid options where where you have very tight bid-ask spreads, like, you know, SPY, triple Qs, Nvidia, Tesla, for example, whatever. Any names that have high volume trading on the underlying asset. So, like, if you look at if you look at an option chain on a given day, and by the way, the easiest way to correlate this is looking at the average daily volume a stock trades on a given day correlates heavily with the amount of volume each day on the option chain. So, for example, if you look at Nvidia today, it's already traded 1.13 million contracts in one single day. Today, I think I think SpaceX has traded like I don't know, a crazy amount of contracts. Uh where where where we at now, right? 1 million as well, right? Um you know, on Microsoft, for example, right? Um you you like you can go you can go on uh uh uh on and on about this, but like the the point being is that if you're using strategies where the spreads are very wide, you're going to have a lot of slippage, meaning meaning that if you want to buy a position, you need to go um closer to the actual ask price, meaning that you're paying a higher premium overall. And then when you want to sell it, you need to go closer to the to the to the to the to the bid price. So, that gap right there is called is called the spread, and the wider the spread, the more the slippage you and you're um you're going to incur overall, right? Kind of why also people don't really trade heavily NDX options on Nasdaq because the volume isn't as high there as, for example, SPX, right? So, you want to have typically very, very tight spreads. If you notice that the spread between the bid and the ask is in excess of 10% of the of the overall cost, you want to stay away from it, right? So, let's say, for example, it was like like $5 um uh cost for a contract, and the spread is like 50 cents or more, you want to stay away from it. Typically, you want to be you want to be in for like a 10 cent spread, 20 cent spread, not really more than that because otherwise slippage would eat you alive and would eat into your profits and it you pretty much every trade you start off at a loss because you paid more than you should have for the contract and when you sell it, you're going to lose a bit of money on that as well. So, keep that in mind. That's also why if you guys notice, you know, what I talk about predominantly mega cap names because I'm always trading pretty much highly liquid names that have no slippage essentially, right? Or low slippage. So, beyond that, I think we're finished in this conversation for volatility. We're about 45 minutes in roughly, guys. Um let me just make sure I covered everything here. Yeah. Yeah, so yeah, avoid options where there's no no liquidity at all. If you find some like random biotech stock or like whatever the the name is, if it has no volume in the option chain and the spreads are wide, just avoid it. They will eat your lunch. The spreads will eat your lunch, okay? And the last thing is um strike and expiration selection. So, there's zero day versus weekly versus monthly. They're different trade-offs, right? Zero day trading, whatever you put in, be ready to say goodbye to it because that money could be gone that day. But, also can have crazy asymmetry of risk because you're paying a much much lower premium for a given contract, right? If you go to Nvidia and look at, you know, contracts expired tomorrow versus, you know, a week out versus a month out, let's say we get a move on Nvidia. Let me a second. Let me go back to the option chain again. And we'll do Q&amp;A right after this, guys, too. So, let's say for example, on Nvidia, you go to tomorrow's op-ex. Oh, sorry, this is triple Q, right? So, actually, this is fine too, right? So, you can trade zero days on on the Qs today, right? It's it's currently at p.m. Eastern time right now, and we're at 7:35 roughly. Let's say buy this contract, 7:33 buy straight call option. This expires in like 3 hours time basically, right? So, you might buy this contract for you know, for $130 roughly. But, unless you push above 3 7:35 by at least 1:30, you're probably going to lose money on that position. Although, if we get for example some crazy headline like I don't know. Um It could be anything whatever. I mean, we've seen the craziest headlines the last few weeks around the the Iran war where they're like, "Yeah, we have a deal. No, we're attacking. No, we have a deal. No, we're attacking, right?" And what happens? The price action on zero-day contracts is absolutely insane. Like, I remember I think it was last week on Tuesday like one week ago today, where we had that V bottom on SPX. And there were out-of-the-money contracts that went from like $2 each to like $5 a piece sorry, $50 a piece. So, you turn pretty much like $200 $200 into $5,000 in the same day. But again, looking at it at that point in time, you're like, "Okay, well, the probability of us recovering 100 points in the last 4 hours of trading isn't very high, right?" So, I would say that growing a small account is all about patience and discipline. Chasing those fast returns will typically erase that aspiration by depleting your account such that you see it get cut in half, and then you get more laissez faire with with your uh or more cavalier with how you're handling your funds, and then before you know it, you pretty much burn 10K in capital. And I'm sure many of many of you guys have done this before in the past. I mean, I know many people that have blown up accounts. The point is think about this as as a practice round for when you have more capital by saving your money from your job or whatever it is that you you do to make money. And as you're practicing and learning your process and honing your process, you can see the the in real time. Right? If you can make, you know, 5K a off 10K over the course of 6 or 7 months, which doesn't sound very sexy to most people, but I think it's a very very good learning experience. You're probably going to be be able to make, for example, 50K off 100K, right? And as you scale more and more, the same things apply, but the problem is those fast gains that people chase where they take binary outcomes like, you know, for example, zero-day contracts where they buy a whole bunch of them hoping for a massive home run. It's not a repeatable process. You might get lucky one time, but if you do that every time, over over time you're going to be at zero pretty much. So, I will end the discussion there and open up for Q&amp;A. Any questions here, guys? Let's see what we we have in chat here. Okay, so uh Yeah, someone said we should rename the series from how to how to build your small account to how to stop making your small account smaller. Uh that's a good point. Um Yep, that's with Fidelity. Chris asked, "Nick, if you do the fly on any American sell option, you just want to make sure you close it out before expiration, correct?" Yes, very very good question there, Chris. Um if you're opening a butterfly position and you're holding it toward expiration, you want to be sure you close it out because if you don't close it out, what will happen is that assuming you have the capital in your account to actually take ownership of your position, you will then be assigned let's say, for example, that on on Nvidia again, right? Let's say that you bought that 210 230 uh 250 call call fly, and we expire at like 215, for example, right? And you forget about it. What will happen is that if you have the capital in your account, your brokerage will say, "Okay, cool. Nick wanted to own this position. He didn't close it out. Therefore, the call will be assigned, right?" Well, what will happen there is if I'm on the call option, I'm going to call away 100 shares from someone else's account or from my counterparty. Therefore, I'll be long 100 shares at 210 in my account on the following Monday after expiration. So, very, very important to think. If we're above the middle strike, that's where it gets kind of funky because if you have the capital in your account to take assignment of of the whole position, what would happen then is that if you for example on a call fly, let's say you had you know 210, 230, 250 again, right here. Right? And and you're short here. Remember, you're short two contracts at the middle strike. Let's say this happened right here, right? Well, if we expire at for example like 232 and you forgot about it, what would happen is you'd be assigned the call option at 210 and two of the call options at 230. So, in essence, the one one of the calls would be washed away because you're long 210, but you're short 230. One of them would be washed away, but the second contract would be assigned to you me and because you're short a call option, that means that you would have you you'd have shares called away from your account even if you don't own them. So, what would happen is on the following Monday following expiration, you'd be short 100 shares in your account of Nvidia at 230 per share. So, if they had you know news on Monday morning where they were like announcing some new product or something like that and went like 250, you'd see a massive fat loss. So, always blow out your positions out before expiration or if you're using IBKR, there is a there is a an actual option to lapse your contracts, right? You can say lapse your contract, but that only applies to long contracts, not short contracts. In this case, you're long 210, you're short 230. If you're above 230, you have no right to say lapse. If you let it expire assuming you have the margin in your account available to actually take assignment, you will let me assigned on the Monday following expiration. So, good observation there, Chris. And good question as well. Um John asked, uh "Operationally, what goes into your consideration when choosing July or August OPEX or far out expiration in general? I know I I know I know the literal definition of, let's say, higher IV for the route. What's on your mind?" So, I mean, when I I look at um uh expiration date selection, I'm looking at perhaps uh is there a binary event following that expiration date where I'm paying a premium for that? An earning event, for example, right? Um is there some kind of, you know, like macro event like FOMC, which is tomorrow, for example, right? Is there a uh an election in November, for example, right? If you're buying longer dated options, they don't really price in those events cuz you're paying much, much, more um nominal prices on on a daily basis. A good A good practice to kind of use, if you want, as as a as a kind of like a exercise, look at different contracts across different strikes and divide the cost of that contract by the days to expiration. You'll notice that the more time you buy, the less you're paying on a daily contract, right? Um being like A uh decent metaphor for this would be kind of like buying auto insurance, right? Let's say, for example, you could buy auto insurance where you're paying like 500 bucks um a month for your auto insurance, and if and when you need that auto insurance on a given month, you then use it and it's useful to you. But, if you buy it, for example, like a year out, maybe you're paying instead of paying six grand a year, you're paying like three grand for the year, right? A much, much cheaper cost overall. The reason being is that you have it there in the event that you need it over the next 1-year period. In the same vein that anything can happen when you buy a call option that expires in a year, for for example, right? The time decay is very low. Typically, the IV is low because no one else in the market is really focusing on those contracts. Most participants in the market are focusing on short duration contracts uh because they are they have the best asymmetry of risk or if you're an option seller, you're like, you know what? I want to capture premium. I don't think anybody's going to go to go to 215 by Friday. I'll sell the Friday or the Friday contract assuming that the Friday contract um this Friday is a holiday, by the way, so. Um Yeah, you you you you want to look at IV skew, um John, and you want to look at obviously uh binary events, right? Are there are there competitors are uh reporting earnings before me? Is this an industry event? Is there, you know, is there a macro event, for example, right? A lot of things going going to your overall thought process as well as what is my overall thesis here? Um am I am I long-term bullish? Am I short-term bullish? Am I medium-term bullish, right? Am I short-term bearish, medium-term bearish, long-term bearish, right? Many, many things are going to enter the thought process there. Again, when I teach people one-on-one, which I do um uh like I've been doing for the past 11 years, roughly, um we talk we talk about all these different topics over 25 hours, roughly. So, cramming all that into like an hour discussion is impossible, pretty much. Um Mike asked question on a $10,000 account, you can't buy 100 100 shares of Nvidia, so this this or the per month covered call example, both use a large amount of the account or all of it in one shot. Yes, that's correct, yeah. So, um if you have 10 10 grand in your account in a margin account, your margin will allow you to buy 100 shares of Nvidia, probably. I don't know what your broker is. Um but that means that you're using pretty much your entire account in one position. Yes, that's correct, right? So, if you do the per month covered call, you'd be using you know, in the money call options. You can also buy shorter duration if you wanted to and cuz Nvidia has, for example, Monday, Wednesday, Friday expiration, you could be cute with it and try and sell, you know, Monday out of the money options or calls, then Wednesday out of the money calls, and then Friday out of the money calls, recurringly pulling in more premium, but again, I think less is more, especially with smaller accounts. You're better off taking mid mid to longer term positioning and you and and then um like having a thesis where you have good asymmetry of risk, let it play out over time, and this way if you're incorrect, you're not going to burn too fast. On zero-day contracts or similar expiration, you see pretty much a binary outcome, either big profit or a big gain, right? I mean, sorry, a big profit or a big loss. Um Hope that helps, Mike. &gt;&gt; [clears throat] &gt;&gt; Um okay. John posted, "I saw release four out of the out of the money zero DTE you call when we went 75 75, it made sense. For expiration feels hard to discern." Yeah, more of a comment there, I guess. John asks, um "Nick, what are your thoughts on selling a put around support a year out and buying shares at half the premium to close at 50%?" So, I love that strategy. That's That's a strategy for for larger accounts, right? Like when I talk about it in the morning meetings, um especially during times of higher volatility when the money is lower typically and and VIX is higher, you want to be selling out of the money put options to finance uh call spreads perhaps on names you want to own. Like right now, Microsoft is at, you know, um 390-ish. Selling a 350 put option below the the current lows of the year to finance like a 400 500 call spread is not a terrible idea overall, right? But you want that higher higher um IV across the board to sell a premium. Again, when you go out that far in duration, um typically the the skew favors uh lower prices for uh for longer-dated options, right? You're paying mostly for time for time premium. There is some value baked in there as well, obviously, too. Um I think Willie asked, "I'm assuming a short collar position will require both the shares and the potential cash to cover the put being assigned." Yeah, uh if yeah, if you're shorting a collar, so I guess you you mean to sell a call option to finance a some option. Uh I mean that that would be a that would be a a long collar, right? Um a short collar I'm not sure what what a short collar is. Do you mean selling a put option to buy a call option? I'm I'm I'm going to assume you mean just a collar, right? So, a collar is where you own 100 shares, for example, and let's say you want you want 100 100 shares of immediate right here. What you could do, and this is kind of a cool strategy, too, is you can use something called a a calendar collar. I'll explain a collar first, but basically, let's say that you bought 100 shares right now. You said, "You know what? I'm going to cap my gains, but I'm going to I'm going to cap my losses as well over the next 30 days. So, I'm going to sell, for example, the 230 call option against my 100 shares, and I'm going to use that premium, 235 roughly premium, to finance the I'll say the 190 strike put options. So, I'm capping my gains at 230, but I'm also capping my losses at 190 as well, right? Great strategy to use through binary events like again like midterm elections, um elections, FOMCs, any kind of binary event, collars are great assuming you do not mind losing your shares at the call strike price because you might lose your calls, for example, right? I mean, your shares, for example, right? Um there is a better strategy which I like as well, especially when IV is very high, is to look at selling calendar collars where I mean calendars um uh uh collars where, for example, you would sell it let's say the January position. Let's say you bought 100 shares of of immediate right right here today, and you're concerned about perhaps next earning event or something like that, right? Well, you can go out of the money, sell the 250 call options for $50 apiece, take that premium and use it to finance insurance through binary events on shorter duration. Let's say, for example, you want to hedge yourself through August, right? So, you go to August like you know what? I'll buy the $200 put option here for $8 and change. And because you pulled in premium on the January contract, you're now hedged into August, not beyond that. You're capping your gains into August as well, but you have a credit here of $6 roughly. So, let's say we pushed like 250 by August, you might be like, yeah, you know what? I was cool with capping my gains not a big deal, whatever. But also, I'm not concerned about losing money in the short term if there's some kind of new minor event or exogenous risk event or whatever happens in the next couple months. Um hopefully that helps there. We're approaching an hour, guys, so I'm planning to cut it off after Let me see. Um Last question here, okay? Uh John asked, different John. There's like three or four Johns in this chat, common name here. Um can I ask around how many strategies you you something something something you're managing at a given time? I'm trading a lot of strategies at once, you know. I have cash secured puts out. I have leap leaps out on certain names that I own. I have call spreads. I have butterfly call spreads, butterfly put spreads perhaps if if I'm so inclined, if I'm bearish perhaps. Um I'll have calendar spreads out. Um yeah, like basically the the way you got to think about it is like understand each strategy kind of like a chess player understands what strategy to to use to counter their opponent. Whenever I see a certain scenario, I'm like, okay, what's the most optimal way to to approach this scenario given my current thesis and my desired reward to risk ratio overall. So, hopefully that helps, guys. We're at an hour right now. I'm going to cut it off right here. Um you guys were great. Thank you very much for your time. Do you have any comments at all? Drop them below in the YouTube video below. I'll post the recording as well for you guys. Um and if you have any any questions at all, hit me up in Discord as well. My name is Braxton in the chat. So, you guys can find me there. Otherwise, guys, hopefully that was great and informative. Um have a great day and manage your risk, and we'll we'll talk soon.