[00:00] Today I want to show you a simple RSI trading strategy for individual Nasdaq 100 stocks complete with trading rules. In previous videos, we've looked at RSI strategies applied to stock market ETFs such as SPY, but this time we're doing something different. Instead of trading the index itself, we're trading the individual stocks that make up the Nasdaq 100. And as you'll see, the historical results are quite interesting. The strategy generated more than 1,300 trades while spending only a fraction of the time invested in the market. First, let's briefly explain what RSI is. RSI stands for Relative Strength Index and is probably the most widely used indicator in trading. RSI measures the strength of recent price movements and oscillates between 0 and 100. Low RSI readings normally indicate that a stock has fallen substantially over a relatively short period and is considered oversold. When
[01:03] it's oversold, we might want to buy. We are trying to take advantage of short-term mean reversion. We buy stocks after they've become oversold and we try to capture the rebound. This is based on the idea that short-term price movements in stocks have historically tended to revert toward their average. So, how does the strategy work? Let's look at the trading rules. To make sure the stock is in a bullish trend, we require the close to be above its 200-day moving average. We use a 3-day look-back period and the RSI must be below 20. We love stocks that end the day weak, hence we include the IBS indicator, which measures if the stock ended the day weak or strong. Because stocks revert to the mean, we require the stock to have an IBS value less than 0.3. We use the QS exit as the sell trigger. This means the close must be higher than yesterday's high. This is a sell trigger we have used for about three decades. When a buy
[02:06] or sell signal trigger, we buy and sell at the next open with a market order. We ran the trading rules on stocks included in the NASDAQ 100 index and used the database from Norgate, which includes delisted stocks. The backtest allowed a maximum of five positions open at the same time. The backtest produced a fairly steady upward equity curve. But let's look at the actual numbers so we can get a better feel for the strategy. Because the strategy trades individual stocks, the number of trades is fairly high. 1,321 trades. What is promising is that the average gain per trade is high at 1.1% and that the average winner and loser is fairly the same. Because the win rate is high at 68%, the strategy is very profitable. The annual return is 11%. This is very impressive because your capital is idle 84% of the time. Considering this, the 11% annual return is very impressive. Also, keep in mind that the max drawdown is low at 17%,
[03:10] especially considering that the NASDAQ index fell over 80% during the dot-com burst. The strategy only uses capital around 16% of the time. The low market exposure is important. For example, you could combine this strategy with another mean reversion strategy, a trend following strategy, or other strategies that trade different market patterns. Instead of relying on one single strategy, we prefer a portfolio of strategies that behave differently. So, what can we learn from this backtest? First, RSI appears to be useful not only for trading stock indices, but also individual stocks. Second, simple mean reversion rules work in the stock market. Third, the strategy achieved an 11% historical annual return while being invested only 16% of the time. And finally, the maximum drawdown was 17%, which is relatively modest compared with the historical drawdowns you can
[04:11] experience by simply holding technology stocks. Now, this is a theoretical backtest. Future returns can be very different. And trading costs, slippage, liquidity, and execution all matter when you're trading individual stocks. But the main takeaway is simple. You don't necessarily need complicated indicators or complicated trading rules to find interesting market edges. Thanks for watching. If you want more videos about quantified trading strategies and backtesting, please like the video and subscribe to the channel.