Hey guys, October 4th, 2026. Wanted to take a moment. This should be a brief conversation about the subtle difference and really not so subtle between a daily setup and an entry tactic. I hear people 
all the time. Um, I've talked quite a bit about uh learning the entry tactic, the 620 setup from Gil Morales. If you haven't yet uh seen the video on it, I I made um the video uh covering the 620 
setup and effectively what the 620 setup is. If we look at um the IWM just a couple of days ago, I ended up buying the TNA. And you get this pullback right into the rising 200-simple moving average. 
Okay, fine. Um, but right in this area a pullback buy is your setup. A setup is a pullback buy into the 200-day. Okay, fine. I've no problem with that. And I and I want everybody to think about your 
own personal playbook or if you've heard me talk about some of my daily setups, some of them could be an earnings gap up, a high-volume close, a low-cheat setup, an undercut and rally, a moving 
average undercut and rally, a high-tight flag, a high-tight pennant, a higher low. I'm good with all of those if you understand them, if you've studied them. You know, my personal favorite is just a 
simple flat base breakout. I I think, you know, you can go back and study Nvidia when it was breaking out of 500 bucks. And you know, why do I love the flat base breakout so much? It's a very easy to 
define setup. You're into new all-time high ground. You've been showing relative strength. You're tightening up on the right-hand side. And then you break out of a very simple horizontal pivot. Good 
above the pivot, bad below. That's your setup. Now, the real question is what is your entry tactic for the setup you're trading? And the reason that I brought up the 620 setup to begin with is 
because I've talked about the 620 setup and you know, I've had this discussion with some of you guys in the Discord and you'll be like, "Oh, Ariel, what do you think about this 620 setup and that 620 
setup and oh, we're trading a 620 and then I ask the next question, "Well, what is your daily setup?" And the stock might just literally be in no man's land. It's not really undercutting a previous 
important low. It's not really pulling back into a key moving average. It's It's not really breaking a prior day high. It's not really breaking a range. It just might be It's not really a higher low. 
It's So, it's not the daily setup isn't there. Or, you know, it might be but maybe it's just one that I haven't studied or one that I'm not very familiar with, but as a trader, I want to make sure 
that I can differentiate the two. You know, certain environments dictate we can do certain things. In a really, really strong growth environment, we can just buy breakouts of ranges. As a let's say 
let's say we're in the strongest of environments. High-tight flags. High-tight flag breakouts. You know, or high-tight pennants or you know, as the market's improving low cheat setups or you know, as 
the market's coming off of a correction undercut rallies. And understanding one, your environment two, the setups that are actually working from a daily perspective is very important and that's going 
to come from scanning the market, doing your nightly homework, taking some trades, seeing what's working and seeing what's not. But then the important part here is then what is your entry tactic for 
the setup that you're trading? If you're trading a high-tight flag breakout or if you're trading a earnings gap up or if you're trading a high volume close entry from an earnings gap up, well then 
those might all or if you're trading an undercut and rally, those all might have different entry tactics. For a high volume close entry, I'm just buying it as it's going through the high volume close 
of the earnings gap up day. If I'm buying an earnings gap up, I might just be using a 5-minute opening range break. For some people, [snorts] you want to own it a little bit faster, you might buy a 
break of a pre-market high or a 1-minute opening range break. If you're buying a pullback, a moving average undercut and rally or an undercut and rally, you might just be using a 620 setup. So, as it 
relates to this IWM which we were talking about and how this pulled back into the 200-day. If you're doing a a pullback buy into a rising 200-day, I have no problem with that. And you could tell me, 
"Well, positioning says the Russell's crowded and you know, um you know, things have gotten quite beaten up in growth in the growth or in the more speculative names." I'm okay with that, you know, 
yields are starting to reverse. I'm okay with that. And then you come up with a thesis that says, "I'm going to go long Russell. The daily setup is just a pullback into the rising 200-day." Sounds 
great. How are you going to buy it? Well, if you just told me, "Well, I'm just buying it, you know, like here as it's making a brand new 5-minute low." I'd be like, "Really? Okay, you know, Godspeed. 
Now, where do you put your risk?" That's where I say to myself personally, I like to wait for the 620 setup or the reclaim of VWAP. And this is what you got. You got a low, you consolidated, and then 
you broke back over VWAP. And at the time when IWM did this, I went and I bought TNA. So, now you get a 620 setup and you get a reclaim of VWAP, and that is my entry tactic. And that is the 
difference between a daily setup and an entry tactic. And I hear, you know, traders all the time. They'll be 620 setup, 620 setup. They're not the same. They are not the same. You know, and and I 
know Nick, for instance, loves to trade pullbacks into support gaps. Totally fine with that. Then, what is your the daily setup is a pullback into a support gap? Your entry tactic is what? For Nick, 
in some instances, it's you see a subtle reaction at that support gap and you buy a 1-minute high as it gets back through that support gap. For me, I like to wait for that 620 setup. If you're 
trading a high-volume close, you're waiting for the break of that high-volume close day, the earnings gap-up close day. Um so, again, I I we don't need to go too much into this, but if you're if 
you're an active swing trader, and the reason that we have entry tactics is so that we can establish risk on our entries. That is very, very important. Otherwise, you're just an investor. If you're 
just over here like, "Well, I'm just buying it cuz I like it." Well, congratulations, you're an investor. And if you're just buying it with big size and you don't have a way to manage risk, well, 
congratulations, you're just a gambler. Um and in both scenarios, you can get lucky, but it's it's likely you're not going to make it a career. So, and I tell you this because you can have a daily 
setup that you understand in a particular environment. Higher lows, earnings gap-ups, high-volume closes, undercut and rallies, moving average undercut and rallies, low cheat setups, high cheat 
setups, cup and handles, high tight pennants, high tight flags. Know your setups. There's a bundle of them. And I think that they're okay to at least know, but the important part is how do you get 
involved into these names? That is your entry tactic. 1-minute opening range break, 3-minute, 5-minute, 15-minute, 30-minute, you know, somebody who I've got respect for Captain Some of you guys 
probably know him on Twitter, Captain Joe. You get a little bit of a pullback and you use a 30-minute pivot. Some people like 15-minute and 30-minute opening range breaks. Some people like 60-minute 
opening range breaks. Some people like break of a prior day high. Some people like the washout and the remount of VWAP. Some people like a washout and a 620 setup. Some people like the washout and 
the 620 setup with the MACD before the moving averages. I'm okay with all of those, but you have to know which ones you're trading so that you know how to manage your risk in real-time. Otherwise, 
you're just kind of flying blind and the less you fly blind, the better. That doesn't mean in a tough environment can't be a tough environment and you're not going to struggle some, but at least you 
can recognize through the setups that you trade consistently to say, "Hey, you know what? What I'm doing right now isn't working." And it's not because I don't understand my setups, it's just that 
this environment isn't conducive to the setups that I like to trade at the moment. And that's totally fine. You either are trading the wrong group, you're trading in the wrong environment, or the 
setups that you're trading just aren't working in that moment and that's totally fine. That tells you to take your foot off the gas pedal, but at least you know and you're not just operating 
completely on intuition. You're actually letting price be the thing that gets you involved into the market. So, very, very important distinction between what is your setup and what is your entry 
tactic. Hopefully, that makes sense and you guys can start to better work on differentiating the two for your own trading. I'll see you guys bright and early tomorrow. Cheers.