[00:00] If you're buying at the proper buy area, the entire risk reward dynamics are more in your favor because the stock has more of an opportunity to have a legitimate trend. And I have the NASDAQ on a daily and weekly buy signal, which are obviously going to be the best environments to make money in. I think if Apple's heading higher, it's a very good indication for the underlying indexes as well. You know, there's an old saying, "So go the semi, so go the market." If you're just taking trades on a whim, um one, I think you're going to chop up your account more likely. Um and two, you're just going to have less conviction in your trades. Sell into strength or you will sell into weakness. And now I think most people would agree we're actually potentially seeing the Russell kind of take the reins. We're seeing breath expand, and we're finding many more opportunities. You know, even though there's going to technically be the two reports, like, you know, if I think there's opportunity, you know, I want us all to have a lot of success, so, you know, we're going to get it done. Uh without further ado, uh welcome everybody to an educational webinar with Oliver Kell on the 10 principles of
[01:02] trading. We're really excited to kick off the Swing Report with this launch webinar, and we're also going to dive into some current markets as well. Uh so, it should be a great webinar. I'll look forward to your comments and questions, and let's go ahead and dive right in. All right, so here's a little bit about the agenda today. Uh first, Oliver's going to run through current markets and themes. Then he'll cover the 10 principles of trading, some really key rules uh that he's learned through his experience that helps guide guide his process. And then finally, we'll run through the Swing Report and all it's got to offer uh and uh the special um offer that we've got for you guys. So, with that said, let's go ahead and start with the current markets. And uh Oliver, I'll hand it over to you, and we'll dive right in. All right, so I'm just going to kind of run through the market, sort of how I see things here. Um I'll kind of start at the indexes. We'll go through some of the, you know, the leading stocks in the market, like Apple, Microsoft, et cetera. And then
[02:04] some of the, you know, sort of new names that I've been trading and and, you know, sort of how I see them bigger picture, and then, you know, talk a little bit about where they're at right now. Um So, first off, we'll start with the NASDAQ. I mean, this is the Well, so to start here. So, I have the week When I go through my stuff at night, I have the weekly chart right here. And I will actually change my settings here. So, that um so, I got the weekly chart below. Here I have the daily chart. Then I have the 195-minute chart, and I have the 65-minute chart down here. Um so, this is sort of how I look through things at night. Um and so, we'll just kind of scroll through things here. Um so, let's start with the QQQ. So, this represents the NASDAQ. And sort of the way I see things here is we had a three-wave down, true bear market in my eyes. Um this was the first, you know, major
[03:08] bear that I've traded. Um I think we had years like '18, '20, '20, which people say were bear markets, but you know, they were just serious corrections to me. Um but so, we had a three-wave down bear, and we broke this trend line here in January. And right here we built, you know, sort of what I considered to be a mini channel or flag down into this blue moving average, which is the 20-week moving average. And if you've studied the bear markets from 2000 to 2003, or coming out of '08, you know, once we retook the 20-week, or some people use the 30-week, I I think they're, you know, somewhat interchangeable. And we then backtested it. Um in both of those instances, we ended up making new highs on the market. Um so, we basically came out of that. We made a structural, you know, new high here. And to me, if you were still
[04:09] bearish at this point, you know, you were disregarding the, you know, what we were seeing in the market. Um and then we traded up into the lows of this 2021 topping pattern. And me personally, I actually thought there was a potential for us to, you know, be having some sort of '08 like lower high here. Um and I was fairly negative on the market coming into these highs. We had the semis and the homebuilders were weakening. Um But then is what ended up happening is we had another three three-wave down normal correction. So, you'll often see these three-wave type corrections, whether they're elongated like a bear market, or whether they're a a correction. And we broke down here. Things didn't look good. You know, we broke this support level. We had the five-week now rolling down through the 10 and 20-week. Um the 10-week was potentially going to roll down through
[05:13] the the uh 20-week. But then is what happened is we had a massive bear trap. Um and a bear trap is when, you know, we we lose major support. So, you know, I would consider this to the left here what I call a scum, where we kind of take out the low, but there's just a little tail, and then we trade back up. This to me is a major trap, where we actually had an entire weekly candle below here. And then we ripped back the other way. Um and you can see down here on the daily chart, if I zoom out a little, that during this correction, you know, I like to interpret volume just day to day. Um I don't follow all the exact uh IBD distribution day rules and stuff. I kind of just size up the market that day and decide, "Hey, they were distributing, or they were buying." Whatever it may be. And you can see during this correction, these red arrows, um we just had significant amounts of distribution with very little
[06:14] accumulation. So, we maybe had, you know, three days of accumulation through here, and just tons of red distribution days. And then we had stacks of uh accumulation days right off the bottom here. I actually got a buy signal right here. Um when we had this bear trap, we had a three to four-day mini base, and then we exploded higher. Um and since then, what have we done? We have trended higher in an extremely strong manner. Um and we held the the 20-day here. I actually thought after this day there was a chance that we would, you know, maybe chop back down, let the 50-day catch up. And I'll show you why I thought that. I thought some weekly charts were a little extended. But what happened, we had a kicker candle on Thursday. And to me, we could still potentially consolidate here um a little bit more. Um but I think things look very good um for us to head higher, you know, in time. Um we have CPI on Tuesday. We have
[07:17] PPI Wednesday and the Fed rate decision on Wednesday. Um so, I'm sure those are are likely going to affect things, and the market may wait for that. Um but to me, the backdrop is set up for us to head higher. Um so, if we step back out to the weekly here, um essentially bigger picture, we have a big cup. And then this big descending wedge is is, you know, what I would consider to be a handle on this huge cup. And on this rally, we broke out of it right here. Um so, we broke out. And to me, even though this was a daily buy signal, this was now a new weekly buy signal. Um and I have the NASDAQ on a daily and weekly buy signal, which are obviously going to be the best environments to make money in. Um additionally, as you'll see in a second, I have the S&amp;P and the Russell on daily and weekly buy signals, um which is important because the Russell has really lagged. And now I think most
[08:21] people would agree we're actually potentially seeing the Russell kind of take the reins. We're seeing breath expand, and we're finding many more opportunities. Um even through this rally here, a lot of it was led by names like Apple, Microsoft, obviously Nvidia. Um and now coming out of this handle, we're starting to find more and more opportunities in the small mid-cap space, um which is important because as growth traders, um it gives us, you know, uh more names to choose from. Just just more opportunities, uh potentially faster moving stocks. Um and that's that's that's a great environment for us to trade. Um So, basically, just to really highlight some key things here is after this buy signal, we had a breakaway gap, which is a sign of power. Um and then we've had some other, you know, smaller unfilled gaps. I think we had this kicker candle here is big. But right here I see what could potentially be a runaway gap. I want to see us make
[09:24] a a new high to really confirm that. Um but when you just kind of step back and take into account, you know, we've got a bear trap, we've got a breakaway gap, and then we potentially got a runaway gap. You know, that's extremely Those are extremely powerful things that are kind of stacking up on top of each other. Um so, we'll see what happens this week, see if we can, you know, push push to a new high here, you know, even if we chop for a couple days into those inflation numbers and the rate decision. But to me it it it it seems like we will. Um so that's kind of my take on the NASDAQ. If we look at the S&amp;P here, I like to watch the spiders. Um you know, we had the similar three waves down, one, two, three. A little more choppy here off the lows as the big cap tech names kind of really were carrying the the weight of the market. Um so the NASDAQ was a little cleaner. Um but now we're actually seeing the
[10:26] S&amp;P's act a little bit better than the NASDAQ. Um you know, they've been stronger on this rally and they actually closed at a at a new high on Friday. Um overall similar look. You know, we broke higher here. I kind of talked about at the time the compression in the ranges, the selling off this 4100 level, and how it was tightening, and then we burst higher. And then if you think about it, we had three waves down, we held this support level, and now we're back up at this big 4600 level. And you could even interpret this as, you know, a left shoulder, a bigger head, a right shoulder, and, you know, maybe potentially setting up to to take this out. Now, we are, you know, a little bit extended, and, you know, a week or two of chop, I'm not saying that happens at all, but if it did happen, I don't think that would, you know, necessarily be a bad thing. Um uh But I think in time, one way or the
[11:28] other, it does look like we're going to take this out. Um so, you know, we'll see if I'm right or not. Um so then just looking at the Russell. Um so as you can see the Russell has just been a brutal, hold on, let me switch this. It's just been a brutal index, you know, it lagged into the 2021 highs and had a big false breakout. So similar to the bear trap on the lows in the NASDAQ and the S&amp;P's of the of this correction, we had a huge bull trap into the bull market top right here. Um and it's just been complete chop, and you know, really not a place to focus on at all. Um and you know, it really still isn't until it gets above this 200 area. Um but, you know, in the shorter term here on the daily, you know, I had a a buy signal take place, you know, on this on this gap. So to me this is what I call the wedge pop. And you know, this
[12:32] could even sort of be viewed as a wedge pop as we didn't quite go. We we came back and we tested the the moving averages, undercut them a little. So there was no base into this move, whereas here there's a higher low and more of a base. So I consider this to be the buy area, and then we reconfirmed right here, and we've got a little flag here that, you know, we're trying to push out of, you know, maybe we consolidate a little bit more, but if we can kind of get going here, I think there's a good chance that eventually we can head back up to this resistance area. Um so one of the key things here is we undercut these lows down here. Um and, you know, this is called a Wyckoff spring for me, or a two B reversal, whatever you want to call it. And if you read Wyckoff, often when this happens, um the market wants to test resistance. Um so that's a that's a thesis. Obviously hasn't happened yet. I think if the S&amp;P's and the NASDAQ can get
[13:37] going and and and, you know, continue to push on that big handle breakout we had a few weeks back, um the Russell could get up into here in time. Um and if that happens, we're likely going to continue to to find, you know, great opportunities in names outside of big tech, um which is going to be the best environment for us as growth traders to to to trade. Um so that's kind of my overall index view. So let's look at a couple of the the leading stocks. So um the leading stocks to me, without a doubt, are the big tech names. There's just no doubt about it. They trade the most amount of dollar volume. Um the big big big institutions, if they want to get on positions to get that exposure, they're buying Apple, they're buying Google, they're buying Amazon. And then when they feel more comfortable and they want to take more risk, they're moving down into those, you know, smaller mid cap names,
[14:40] um which can move quickly with less dollars, but they're still probably putting money into these large cap names if they're added money to the market. Um and you can see Apple, it held up very well during the bear market. I mean, it's it's actually unbelievable how well this thing held up in hindsight. Um we burst higher here, we broke out of this descending wedge at 178, and this thing has been an absolute tank. Um so we are just continuing higher. We reconfirmed this past week after putting in what I call a scum. So we kind of scummed down right here and came back, and then we did it again. So those are kind of two stop runs, we held the 20 EMA, and we're moving higher. Um I see no reason to fight Apple, and I think if Apple's heading higher, it's a very good indication for the underlying indexes as well. Um so Apple looks great to me. Uh Microsoft also looks great. You know, it really
[15:42] actually kind of led with Apple through this entire move. It had a correction, um and burst higher here. It triggered a buy area right in here at around 340. Um traded up. You can see we we we we shook out on the 20 EMA here, um which for my strategy, you would have got shaken out, but then one of our buy signals is a shakeout of the 20 EMA is actually a great buy area again. Um so I think that Microsoft, if it pushes through here, um sometime next week, has a chance to continue back higher. Um and, you know, similar to Apple, if you have Apple and Microsoft heading higher, you know, where do you think the NASDAQ's going? Um some of the others, I think Amazon has has really changed its character. It it it kind of came off here at this resistance level from the 2021 topping pattern. Now it sort of looks like it has a big inverted head and shoulders. It had a stop run here
[16:45] similar to the the Q's before this move higher. And it's been a little choppy in here, which I I think is sorted to be expected cuz it's a little bit extended. But if you think about it, we tested the 200 day, ripped higher, and all we're doing here is basing. Um so given that the move is higher and we're basing, um I think it's more likely we break back higher versus break lower. Um naturally if we were to break lower and lose this this 20 EMA, you know, we'd have to be open-minded to to testing this support area and having a longer base. But as of right now, to me it looks like we're we're setting up to to take this out. And again, if you have Microsoft, Apple, Amazon, um you know, that's a pretty good backdrop um for for the under for the NASDAQ. Um so I'm a big believer in following the semis. I think the, you know, there's an old saying, so go the semis,
[17:47] so go the market. Um and the semiconductors really led this correction. You know, they they kind of weakened first after sort of leading higher here. Obviously Nvidia played a major role in that. Um but right now they they broke out of this descending channel. They turned us onto a buyer, and they're basically just building a weekly bull flag here the last three weeks. Um so if we zoom into the weekly, it looks like we're trying to push out of this channel. Um so AVGO, I believe this is the eighth largest company in the world. They just reported earnings. Whoop. They just reported earnings this this past week. Um and whoop, sorry, chart's a little messed up. And it was down. It traded down into the 50-day moving average down here, this green line, in the post market, and we traded back. Which to me, it either means that, you know, bad earnings or whatever you want to say about the earnings, I I I I'm not I don't claim to understand whether they
[18:49] were good or not, but that's priced in. And we had a little channel here that led to this move, and you know, it was a breakout of this long weekly base, and really we're just backtesting this level in reality. And now we're taking this channel. So, you know, it looks like we could have another move like this potentially if we can follow through next week. Um we'll see if that can happen, but just kind of stepping out, we we break out of this weekly, we have a backtest, and now do we do we hold this level and head higher? You know, they say the trend is your friend, and I'm a big believer in that. Um so I think AVGO looks like it's it's setting up. Um AMD, with that chip news the other night, um really really caught a bid. Um it had a big kicker candle Thursday. I think that right here, this move, looks like this bar. We had a little doji the day after. We have, you know, sort of a doji here, and, you know, normally I would say I
[19:53] think we get some backing and filling here just based on how extended we are from the 10 20 day. So, you know, there's no reason to think that wouldn't happen, but when you see volume like this come in to the market on a kicker candle, um you know, that caught market participants off guard and you know, I don't know whether we consolidate a little and then go or if we, you know, do something like this, but to me it looks like AMD is getting set up to to take out this next resistance level as well. And if we did, we're also taking out the bottom of this 2021 topping base between here and here. So, I think that would open us up for a for a chance to, you know, potentially test back to the to the all-time highs. You know, I'm not I'm not predicting that at all, but just looking at support and resistance and kind of where we paused here and breaking out of this channel and you know, the volume coming into this thing, I think it's a
[20:56] reasonable expectation. Then looking at Nvidia as well, obviously Nvidia has been the the darling. It it had this big inverted head and shoulders pattern, exploded. It's really led the market all year. Looked like there was potentially a head and shoulders top here, but we had that same bear trap where we scammed to the lows and and ripped higher. And as all we've done here is we've broken out of this descending channel and we back tested this channel and I call this a magic line and we back tested it in this past weekly bar, we held it. So, this to me, if you follow my strategy, I call this a wedge pop and this would be a weekly EMA cross back. If we looking at the daily chart here, you can see that we kind of push this resistance area. So, sort of is what I'm looking for in Nvidia into next week is you know, we could potentially back test these these moving averages in here. So, this is the the blue line is the
[21:59] 5-day and this is the 10 and 20-day and I would want to see that hold if we did see some sort of chop or back test and then try to, you know, reconfirm higher. Or potentially we just follow through. You know, I obviously don't know what's going to happen, but I'm looking for one of those scenarios to play out. And if it does, um you know, you got to think if we take out this flag, we probably head back to 500 and take that out. So, to me, you've got the Nasdaq and the S&amp;Ps look pretty good. Apple, Microsoft and then the semis with Avgo and Nvidia being the two largest players and then AMD. And I think if you kind of look through the sector a little bit more, look at names like uh you know, Lam Research, um little little bit choppier of a trader, but we've got this big cup and, you know, we're we're right here on the highs. So, you know, do we chop around here for a couple more weeks? Certainly
[23:01] a possibility. You know, we kind of have a you know, wedging-ish type pattern here, but in time it it it it looks pretty good here to eventually take this out. So, we'll we'll see. But I think more importantly, some of the areas of the market that have really been performing well that I've been pretty focused on have been these more growthy, you know, I call them like the ARK-ish type stocks. Not all of them, but I but I think that index is or that or that ETF is a fairly good comp on the types of names I'm talking about. So, if we look at ARK, one of the things I see on this weekly chart is we came down here and, you know, we sort of tried to curl up and and we got rejected again and it made a new low and, you know, I think everybody knows how beat down, you know, a lot of these stocks got. You know, a lot of people compared it to the internet bubble and it just hasn't looked good.
[24:06] But as what happened in here is we we eventually made a low and we came up and we made a higher low here and we kind of broke out and and headed back higher. But the market just needed more time to consolidate, base, shake people out. And then we came back down in here and we tested this, you know, set of higher lows here again and we shook it out, but then really held it. So, I call this a higher low shelf and that it's not just like one higher low, it's a set of them and it's really to me sort of confirming, you know, hey, this is the lows and then we've had a a strong continual set of support coming into the market around this, you know, 33, 34-ish area. And to me this looks like a big inverted head and shoulders bottom. And we've traded up here and we're into this neckline. And we've also been up, you know, what I guess, we ended up being green this
[25:09] past week. So, we're up five of the last six weeks. So, very possible that and, you know, actually I would even maybe say likely that we do at some point, you know, whether that is up in this range or up here, we'll probably have a week or two where where we have a little bit of chop. But overall, this pattern, if we can take out this neckline and really, you know, definitively kind of get through, you know, maybe this range, you know, which which could reject us for sure, obviously. But when I go through some of these other, you know, charts I'm looking at, I I think it'll paint a picture that in time we're we're we're going to take this out. At least that's my thought process. You know, that could lead to a lot of opportunities for us in the marketplace. So, this is something that I'm definitely watching. I think there are certainly some names in this ETF that I would not want to own, that I'm not sure ever come back.
[26:15] But I think, you know, from a holistic standpoint, it it kind of kind of paints the picture that some money could be flowing back into growth. So, to kind of look at some themes within that space in particular, I think obviously the Bitcoin theme is something that, you know, a lot of people are paying attention to and for good reason. You can see Bitcoin had this big base here that we broke out of in October. And to me, in this recent kind of consolidation here, notice how even when we were consolidating, we really were the market was trying to bid up as it was resting. I call that, you know, a running flag and we broke out of it with authority this past week and we've rested here on a, you know, Wednesday, Thursday and then we're continuing to try to trade higher Friday. Now, there is potential for there to be,
[27:20] you know, like some sort of broadening line right in this area. You know, I'm I'm always cognizant of these off-the-bottom type moves when we come into these broadening lines. It was one of the things I was looking at at coin, you know, maybe at the end of the previous week or something. But overall, the trend is higher and you know, I think Bitcoin and Bitcoin related names could be an area to really focus on. So, the name that I'm most interested in, because I think it's like a legitimate business in addition to just being a Bitcoin name, is Coinbase. So, you know, the move really got going down here. I actually was thinking here that this was going to be, you know, sort of a stalling point, but we came down and we held the 10 EMA and we broke out of this bull flag Friday. So, I'm considering this what I call the first extension. It happened right at this broadening line. So, for us to kind of come back in and then really see
[28:24] buyers eat it up is a fairly bullish sign. So, we'll we'll see what happens next week with this thing. You know, really if this is going to be a nice winner again or continue higher, it already has been a nice winner. It would be great if it somehow consolidated here and and, you know, gave an opportunity to buy more. But we'll see what happens. MSTR, I just sort of view it like everybody knows the story, the CEO owns a ton of Bitcoin. So, it seems to just kind of move with Bitcoin, but it broke out down here and it's just kind of stair stepping higher. Kind of broke out of this little flag-like thing here this past week. Those are kind of the two names. For me, Coin, cuz I think it's like an actual business. I think with the whole SBF thing blowing up and, you know, that guy taking advantage of everybody and then the Binance situation and a lot of the other players in the Bitcoin exchange space
[29:27] disappearing, I think Coin is really standing out as the true kind of quality name in the space. It's where a lot of the institutional money is. So, from a business standpoint, I think that that is what is going to be the the big leading winning stock out of the Bitcoin space. MS TCR, you know, I sort of view as just like kind of trading the actual coin and I sort of feel the same way about Mara and Riot. I mean, Mara can really fly. It's not a name I'm I'm comfortable trading. But, you know, obviously this thing can can really shake as it's literally moved like 50 or 60% here the last 2 weeks. But, so I think that's a theme to to stay focused on. It's it's obviously fairly extended as of right now. But, if we are really going to have a a new bull market or whatever you want to call it, I think that Bitcoin theme is something
[30:30] that is likely going to have legs. Um Then, if we look kind of in the growth space, you know, path is a name that that fits the AI theme. Obviously just got destroyed here in the in the bear market. But, we broke this big weekly descending trend line on its recent earnings report. It's had very good numbers the last couple quarters. I think some of the forward estimates are a little bit lighter than I actually expected. But, you know, look at the volume coming into this thing the last 2 weeks. And really even over here as it was consolidating, you can see the volume that's kind of been coming in on some of these green up bars. So, we built a little bull flag this past week and and broke out of it on Friday. And we'll see if in time this can kind of take out this you know, these last 2
[31:33] weeks highs. I think it will. You know, this is a name that I think is pretty attractive. Then, just you know, some of these others I'll I'll kind of scroll through them more quickly. But, you know, Shopify is a name people really like. You can kind of see we built this huge kind of rounding bottom and we broke out of this handle down in down in this range. And, you know, we're potentially a little short-term extended here on the weekly, but I think it's a name to pay attention to. Um DataDog has been a little bit weaker here the past week. But, it had bigger earnings, kind of broke out of this little bull pennant. And now, if you look at this weekly chart, I see a big inverted head and shoulders. And we really started to push up here. You can see the massive volume that pushed us up off here. And if we chop around a little bit here and then are able to reconfirm through this area, you know, this thing could
[32:36] really really look good and look like it's changing its trajectory on the weekly chart and really the monthly chart. And you can see going all the way back to, you know, even 2020, how important this level is. So, I think it's something to pay attention to, you know, even though it's had some some near-term weakness. You know, it may just need more time to consolidate this level. But, if we ever take this out, you know, the the bigger picture look of this thing is is very attractive to me. I think CrowdStrike in that space has actually been the the leading name in the space. You know, we turned up here. We're pretty extended into this this weekly level. This has been one of my best trades and I'm and I'm still in it. Um And I've been expecting some consolidation here and it just sort of seems to keep wanting to go up. But, I think if we do get that, you know, consolidation at some point, you know, whether it's up here or if it's
[33:39] now, you know, I think this is something to pay attention to cuz it's really leading of those software cyber type stocks. Um Nutanix another one. If we if we step out and look at the monthly chart on this thing, you know, this stock really since it IPO'd has in my eyes done nothing. I was really into this name after the IPO. I thought it was potentially going to be a really big winner. And it just never panned out. So, I kind of took it off my radar. But, it seems, you know, as of now, now that it's taken this 45 level on the monthly, that this thing could could really be changing its bigger picture trajectory. So, I think it's one to keep on your list. Snow another one. You can see this monthly if we're ever able to get through this 195 area, you know, it's got a nice base here. I kind of look at this company as a
[34:42] company that is growing its revenue, it's profitable, but it's got an extremely high valuation. But, through all this time, all it's done is lower its valuation. But, it's continued to have good growth, which with more and more time and the lower and lower that valuation gets through time, the more attractive it gets to institutions. So, I think that's kind of been the question for institutions through all of here is, you know, how good is this business? Can they continue to grow their numbers? And I think they've done that. I mean, I think everybody knows Warren Buffett's been on this name. I'm not sure if he's still in it or not. But, you know, he's been pretty good at at what he does for a long time. So, if we get through here, you know, this is a name that I think could could really be something to pay attention to, you know, going forward. So, we'll see if it can do it or not. Um I'll just scroll through some others quickly. I mean, Roku um
[35:46] fundamentally not a name I'm as into, but you can kind of see this big base that we're trying to push out of. Probably a less followed name, another Warren Buffett type name. But, this STNE has a massive base. Definitely extended here. But, if it can consolidate for a couple weeks, it's it's something, you know, I might pay attention to. I've been very into this DKNG since it since it broke this area. I think it's consolidating in here. Um You know, I just kind of see all my friends gambling on it and and uh you know, I think if people do a little bit of reading on the kind of gambling runway, new states are seeming to make it legal. And that seems to be growing as time goes on. And I think FanDuel is supposedly the leader in the market with DKNG being number two. But, everybody I know uses DraftKings. I can't say I have an account or gamble. I get enough of that from the stock
[36:50] market. But, I think this is a name that has that tailwind type theme with with gambling being legalized and really having a digital footprint. So, they don't have all the overhead of the MGMs, the Winds. So, I think if this this theme continues to grow, you know, this is a name to pay attention to. Um Let's see. Um you know, Pinterest is a name I've been on. It broke out of this big weekly base. I think it's something to pay attention to. Um you know, Tesla has been a total laggard. I had a thesis coming off of this Wyckoff spring similar to here. Similar to here, we were able to run up and test this resistance. So, my thesis is since we did this, we would run up and test this resistance on this, you know, move. It hasn't really panned out as I expected. And it kind of wore me out personally.
[37:53] I am actually back in this stock now and it has a a little base here that I think if we can get through this 247 to 250ish level, you know, maybe my thesis can play out. I'm a little hesitant to to play that up. But, that is how I see it that, you know, if we can take this out, that that scenario is still alive. So, we'll see if it can happen or not. But, I think overall, like, you know, the the picture that I'm painting is that the market, although may potentially need a little bit of chop here, a little bit more chop, I think we're that the leading stocks are are continuing to act well. We're seeing breath expand and we're starting to see other names participate. And more importantly, they have huge bases. Like, I could go through more of these, you know, names that I haven't been trading. But, you know, this base
[38:56] if we're ever able to take out this resistance, you know, maybe it needs more chop. I mean, these are multi-year bases. You know, they're like 2-year bases. And it hasn't officially taken this resistance yet. So, you know, maybe maybe it needs much more time. I'm not sure. I think I think it's a possibility. But, if they're ever able to take that out, you know, Twilio being another one where, you know, just look at if we're ever able to take this out, we broke this this trend line here. We're now making higher lows on the weekly, which is very important as we were obviously making lower lows all through here. Anyone who, you know, looks at Stan Weinstein's stage analysis, obviously this was, you know, topping downtrend. The question is, are we now potentially setting up to start a new uptrend? You know, look at this washout volume here. You know, that's a sign that maybe people who were hanging on all through
[39:58] here just they just couldn't take it anymore. And this was the, you know, the last of the strong hands through here that probably sold out. And, you know, then we've just had this turnover in here where this stock is sort of trying to find its footing. You know, that's basically what's been happening. And the question is, are we starting a new cycle back up? I sort of think that is what's going to happen. That's that's my thought process. And you know, I don't have a crystal ball, we'll see. But kind of just based on how I see the entire market plays, um that's what I'm thinking. So, Richard, I don't want to go through like every stock in the in the market. I think I've painted a picture. Um you know, I could look at more and more of these. You know, now has been very strong. Uber's, you know, potentially a name that you know, it's really exploded up up the
[41:00] right side here. It's already at all-time highs. Um I told my wife in here that Uber was going to be the next Facebook. So, um now that it's been about 2 years, I'm I'm hoping that play for her can can finally come to fruition. But there's just a you know, a lot of things that that look attractive. Um you know, from a bigger picture standpoint. You know, I'm not necessarily talking like the next 3 days. I'm talking, you know, hopefully hopefully, knock on wood, you know, the next, you know, year or two. Um and we'll, you know, we'll we'll see if if that can play out or not. Yeah, perfect. Yeah, I think this is super helpful running through your process for analyzing both the indexes, the themes, as well as the individual names themselves. Um and I I think this is perfect to just kind of jump back to the 10 principles. So, I'll stop your screen sharing here. So, the next section of today we're going to be running through Oliver's 10 principles of trading, talking about the concepts
[42:03] themselves, and then also talking through an example for each one that Oliver's picked out. So, let's go ahead and dive right in. And Oliver, I'll hand it over back to you. Okay, so I mean, like a couple just key things, like that this isn't necessarily like a strategy or anything like that. But I think if you follow these sort of rules, regardless of what your strategy is, um it's going to keep you in the game. Which, if you're trying to learn it to trade is is you know, it's like 90% of the battle is is just hanging around long enough where you get enough screen time, enough experience um where you can trust your strategy and and implement it through time. Um I think no matter what somebody's strategy is, I think these are all applicable. I'm approaching it more from a swing trading perspective. Um but if you're a day trader or whatever, you know, where I say a 3 to 5% loss, you know, I don't know if you want to be taking 3 to 5% stops as a day trader. But, you know, just uh format it to whatever your approach or strategy
[43:07] is. Um so, put risk first. So, you know, I say never give a stock more than a 3 to 5% stop loss. Um you know, I think there's other people that may give names a little bit more room than that. Um and they position size to give it a little bit more room. Um but overall, put risk first. Um always know your maximum loss when you're entering a trade. And, you know, make it a priority to protect your principal capital. Um so, I was actually talking to somebody yesterday sort of about ways to manage risk. And I sort of view it as there's a couple ways to manage your risk. Um one being, you know, a hard stop loss. Like, "Hey, I'm going to buy this bull flag on Palantir, and I'm going to set a stop, you know, below the 10 day. You know, I'm risking 5%. Uh I want to risk 50 bips, so I'm going to take a 10% position." Or or or something like that, right? So, you've got one, just your hard stop. Um and then I think the second way to manage
[44:08] your risk, um that I think is less talked about, but is easily just as valid, is with your position size. Um so, for example, let's say you wanted to buy this gap up in Palantir, um but you know, you were a little nervous cuz buying a gap up's obviously not as easy as just buying a straight-up chart pattern. You know, there's a lot of uncertainty. Is it going to fill the gap? Um maybe you take a smaller position size. Um so, the second way is to manage your risk with size. Um smaller size obviously means less risk. Um or maybe smaller size means I want to give this thing more room because I'm uncertain on it. Um and then, you know, when it moves up for 2 days and bases, you know, I can take it from there. Um so, that brings me to my third approach, which I think is actually the best way to manage your risk, is a combination of a stop and size. Um so, let's look at this
[45:11] Palantir scenario. Let's say you took a small position on the gap up um because of the uncertainty of just it being a gap up and being harder to buy. So, you take a small position. And then when you get the bull flag, you decide to add to it. Um so, you're combining um small size and then increasing your size and raising your stop to get into the name. Um but then, as the title says, put risk first. Um you have to be open-minded that your idea won't work. Um so, me personally, I really thought Palantir was going to be one of the better names coming into this cycle. I had a big position in this thing. Um you know, basically coming out of the earnings and then the bull flag and how we held that earnings high volume flows. I was definitely a believer. For sure. And then up here we had what I call a three-bar break. Um or, you know,
[46:13] bearish engulfing bar where we sold off on big volume. Um and I actually got out of this thing. And I got back in it here just cuz cuz of everything I said, I believed it. Even though I kind of knew the three-bar break was not a good look. And then when we sold off here, I basically removed this stock from my list. Um so, literally, this is a name that was one of my biggest positions that I couldn't have been higher on. Um and in the end, you know, I think it could certainly hold this 50-day area, potentially. Um but it's just not really a stock I'm focused on even if it does be be because of, you know, this distribution we've seen here. And the fact that other names have moved higher in this time period. Um so, put risk first. You know, those are kind of the ways I see to manage your risk. One, just with a hard stop. Two, via adjusting your position size. Or three, combining those two approaches. Um and
[47:17] then lastly, is no matter how bullish you are on a name, how great it looks, how good the story is, how good the price volume action is, understand that it can all change and you don't want to be the guy caught holding the bag. You know, if this thing, who knows? Maybe this fills this gap here. I I have no idea. Um but you just you got to take your stops when when things don't work out, no questions asked. Um so, the first thing is to put risk first um when you're trading. Um secondly is uh if you fail to plan, you're planning to fail. Um so, you know, I am a big believer that you got to be an independent thinker when it comes to trading. Um and you do have to, you know, you can get ideas from someone else, but you have to own those ideas. You have to plan them out. And you have to I I you know, define your strategy so that when the market
[48:18] opens, you can go execute. Um and, you know, that comes down to knowing when an earnings report is. Um for example, I O T, if you weren't ready for this and you didn't know it reported earnings, there's zero chance you got involved on this gap up. Um and you didn't necessarily need to get involved on the gap up, but if you knew when it was and you understood why all this volume came into the market, you know, now that it's potentially building a bull flag, you know, it can be on your radar. And, you know, you can be planning on how you want to play it, whatever your strategy you want it to be. Um the key is to plan your trade. Um no matter what trade it is, um one, you have to have a strategy. I think everybody should have a strategy written out. Um probably on like a half a page to a full page. I I don't think it should be more than that. Um and then when you go through the market at night and you size up the different
[49:19] opportunities, um you want to be able to try to find opportunities that fit the strategy you have written out. And then game plan it for yourself. Like, "Okay, hey, if this happens, I'm going to do this. I'm going to have my stop here. I'm going to have this many shares. I'm willing to risk X amount of bits on this specific trade because that's going to allow you to execute so much better when the market is open. If you're just taking trades on a whim, one I think you're going to chop up your account more likely and two you're just going to have less conviction in your trades. So if you fail to plan, you're planning to fail. You know, I think that's a key concept when when approaching trading. Then lastly don't trust your stocks, trust your stops. So probably one of the best names for me in 2021 was UPST. And you know, there were a million reasons why this thing was going to be the next Tesla, it was going to go to the moon, it was going to allow
[50:22] you know banks to have better lending criteria and kind of be able to come down the credit spectrum but without adding any risk which in hindsight is sort of ridiculous. But that was that was the story and I think a lot of people were on this thing. I mean you know, it basically rallied 400% but once it lost this level, no doubt about it. You know, you had to be open-minded to the idea that all that was irrelevant because the stock was selling. And that's what happened here. So don't trust your stocks, trust your stops because you just never know how low a stock can go. I mean, I don't think anybody when UPST was at 350 or 400 would have thought it would have traded down. You know, I don't even know how low it went, you know, $20, $25. Um so you don't want to get caught holding
[51:23] a stock that goes down 90, 95%. So don't trust your stocks, trust your stops. And then it's better to be out of one in than in and one out. So this is something that you know, my dad actually taught me and basically um you know, if you're in a stock and it doesn't look good, it it really really stinks cuz you're literally losing money. But if you're out of stock out of a stock and it's doing great, you know, there's plenty of time to find other opportunities. You're not losing any money, you're just like not in. So I'll use MDB as an example. Um You know, I was fortunate to have been in this thing for this run and I'd taken some off. But you know, I know some people who who might have bought it before earnings cuz the fundamental story looked great. Like everything to me looked good on this MDB but it just didn't work out, right?
[52:28] So you were better off rather than try to you know, play this thing cuz of the story, you're better off just kind of waiting and not getting caught in something like this. So it's just better to be out in one in where you have no risk versus to be in a name and kind of caught and underwater and trying to figure out what to do. It's just like a a concept that has been good to me. You know, don't feel like you have to force a trade. You're better off being in cash than being in a position you don't want to be in. And then let your P&amp;L guide your level of aggression. So like if we just kind of look at the NASDAQ you know, through this current rally, you know, it basically started right in here and if you had caught some opportunities and and started making money, you know, then you could add more positions. You know, just think about it. We took the 10 20 EMA. Okay, great. We're off to a good start. You got a
[53:32] couple positions working. Retake the 50 day. You've got the breakaway gap, you got the unfilled gap. It's kind of like you know, permission to add more opportunities if the names you got involved in here start working for you. Maybe you have two or three names here, you add two or three more and then right here when we kind of reconfirm through here, you know, it's permission to maybe add a couple more names because now when you're kind of looking at the indexes, just I kind of mentally I don't really trade or I don't trade the indexes really. But I kind of look at this and mentally I say, oh we had this first move. Okay, now here. Okay, my stop on the index is here. Even though I don't have a position, it's like I'm able to kind of move up, you know, kind of mentally how I'm viewing the market and then you have this this other gap and all through here even though we've been consolidating, you know, you had earnings names that were moving and extending and and were and and were being attractive buys. So you could have
[54:35] been adding exposure there. And then you know, let's say we continue to consolidate or whatnot. If we reconfirm again, you know, now to me after a big move and a consolidation and reconfirmation, you know, it's really letting you know that you're correct on your buys through here and you know, you can continue to add exposure to the market. Or or if you've become fully invested, you know, hopefully through here, you've raised all your stops and you're protecting your open gains. I mean, really you should be doing that all through here anyway but especially if the market you know, pushes back higher again. I mean, you definitely want to be raising your stops and just protecting your gains. And then only price pays. I mean, I think I've given you guys that scenario where I really thought Tesla was going to play out something like this after this low here. And at the end of the day, this sell
[55:37] down bar and all the volume at 250 has held it back. So I could have sat in my Tesla position these last four weeks but at the end of the day, there were other opportunities that were working. So I actually exited my Tesla because I needed the money for those opportunities. And at the end of the day, only price pays. So if you have some genius theory on Tesla like like I thought I did but it's causing you from taking advantage of other things that are actually working, you know, you should kind of listen to that. So I'm not saying that this doesn't end up working. Like I said, I've actually re-entered this but literally the last three weeks, you know, there were things that were saying like I want to go higher whereas this wasn't. So you know, the market tells a story.
[56:40] I'm a big believer in that. It's it's you know, it's talking to you and kind of letting you know what it wants to do. And so you got to listen to what the market is saying. And then sell into strength or you will sell into weakness. So everybody has different time frames. You know, some people like to take a breakout and sell it on day three and you know, I think that's that's great. That certainly plays a a role. But I think if you kind of step out and look at the weekly, you know, I've kind of talked about you know, specifically the second extension where after you get a second extension higher on the weekly, a name can sometimes go through many many months of consolidation. And that's exactly what's happened here in SMCI. You know, this is potentially been you know, probably the leading best name even though Nvidia has had a lot of attention, I think SMCI on a percentage basis has has probably done better up into these highs.
[57:43] But it had a definitive second extension going into this earnings report. You know, I highlighted that on Twitter and it had all the reasons to go higher. It had a low valuation. Like you know, the the amount of revenues they put up versus the market cap is I mean, it's got to be one of the cheaper stocks out there. Um it had growth, it had everything you would want but it was insanely extended. And you know, if you kind of got caught in this, um you know, what do you do? Do you sit with it through all this? Like when does it go higher? I I don't think anybody knows like whether it even ever goes higher if it takes us out. The whole point is is that when things get crazy extended, you do have to take some off in my opinion especially when things are extended into earnings
[58:45] because no matter how good those earnings are, it all might be priced in via the move in the stock. So sell into strength or you will sell into weakness. You know, I've certainly sold into weakness and that's that's how I know that. So sell into strength, take your gains when you have them or you will sell into weakness. And then from failed moves come fast moves. So I'm sure everybody here has bought a breakout that we thought was going to go to the moon and we got absolutely buried. Which when you have crowded types of situations where you know, when breadth is low and everybody's looking at one single breakout and then it doesn't work, Um, you have a lot of people that can obviously sell. And so you want to understand that from failed moves come fast moves, and you don't want to be the last guy to get out. Um, so I'll give you an example just on Nvidia. Um,
[59:46] and you know, coming into this 400 level, a lot of talk on on a head and shoulders top. Um, I was actually short this stock in in here. Um, but when we kind of took out this level and recovered, you know, I actually got long this stock. Um, can't say I've always done that. Sometimes I've definitely taken it right on the chin. Um, but just through experience I recognized that everybody sort of thought we were going to break this 400. I was certainly open-minded to that, but when we didn't, you know, we got a fast move the other direction. Um, so from failed moves come fast moves. If the market or stock doesn't do what you expect it to do, you're better to be out and one in than in and, you know, kind of just getting smoked. Um, so just recognize when things don't do what you want them to do. You know, that's a sign.
[60:49] Don't gamble on earnings. Um, so I sort of have two ways that I approach earnings. Um, you know, one is to reduce your position size and understand that the reaction to earnings is is out of your hands. Um, so I showed that MDB example earlier. Um, I had had a 15% position in that, and before earnings I had sold it down to 9%. So I took about 40% of my position off. Um, and you know, it didn't work out. And I and I had a cushion as well. That's, you know, another key if you're going to hold into earnings is to have a cushion. Um, and then the other rule I have, which is something that I implement, you know, far far far less, and you know, I can talk through many examples where it didn't work out. I would say it hasn't worked out for me more than it's worked out, is if you have a name that you have a lot of conviction on for whatever reason, and let's say you're targeting, you know,
[61:53] maybe like a 15% position or something like that. You know, maybe you take a very very small amount into earnings, you know, maybe 2, 3%. Um, so that it's easier to kind of build the position if it has a good report. Um, again, I'm I'm less high on that. Um, and you know, I'm not saying you should do that. It's just another strategy that I that I have that I have used in very select instances. Um, but overall don't gamble on earnings. Don't don't say, "Hey, uh, you know, actually, here's an example right here. It's on the screen. TTD. Going into this earnings report where this big gap down is, I thought if you looked at the weekly chart that this descending channel, this is the daily, um, but it had this descending channel, and it did, you know, I was actually thinking on this day that this looked like it could do really well with a decent earnings report. Um,
[62:54] I had no position or anything like that. Um, but if you think about it, we had had a big bear trap here. We had a big up bar, two unfilled gaps. Um, you know, a lot of reasons why you might think that this stock could really do well. You know, but what happened? We literally had like a I don't even know. Let's say let's just say 60% amount. Let's say 75 to you know, we had like a 20 25% gap down. If you just took a huge position on this thing going into the report cuz you thought thought, "Oh, you know, if we break out of this descending channel, this could be a huge trade." You know, then then you're kind of holding the bag. Now, if you wait and you end up buying it up here and cuz the report is good, you know, there's going to be time to get into this trade even if you buy it higher. If it's really going to work, you know, you're better off just like waiting rather than taking a big gamble on earnings.
[63:56] Um, because the goal for me as a swing trader is to make money, you know, over the long term, you know, not to just get lucky on on, you know, one trade like this. Um, and just kind of gambling on earnings, you're you're kind of taking the control out of your hands and and you're just kind of making a bet that you hope works out. Um, so, you know, I want to play it so that I can more control uh, the outcome of my trading. So just, you know, don't gamble on earnings. Um, and then never buy extended stocks. Um, so, you know, I think I showed some examples earlier where things are very extended. Um, but a great way to approach this as well is when something like the Nasdaq gets very extended. You know, so I posted arrows here and here. Um, it's not so much that uh, you know, a stock isn't isn't going to go higher. It's it's that, you know,
[64:58] when the Nasdaq's like right here, if you're buying a stock, it's likely going to consolidate as the market consolidates. Um, so like even right here, if you were to buy a stock, um, you know, and I I don't know what stocks are doing right here, but, you know, you got a little bit of a consolidation. So it might have paid to just kind of let the indexes settle down a little bit. Um, and then try to get involved in whatever stock that you like. Um, so there's obviously going to be rule breakers to that. You want to trade each situation stock by stock for sure. You know, stocks, you want to focus on the market you're actually trading. But from an odds perspective, um, you're better off, you know, trying to get involved in names when they're down, you know, closer to the 10 or preferably the 20-period moving average. Because one, you know, they're less extended, but two, when you're buying something, you know, closer to the 20-day, when it does work, you know, you have
[66:01] more of an opportunity for it to have a real trend as well. Whereas, you know, if you buy something like up here, you know, you've got like a 3-day move before it basically comes back to to where you got involved in it in the first place. Whereas, you know, you buy it down in here, you know, you've got more of an opportunity for the trend to actually uh, elongate itself, have legs, and, you know, catch a real move, which is what we're all trying to do. Um, so don't buy extended stocks for for really two reasons. Um, one, you could get smoked. Um, and then two, you know, if you're buying at the proper buy area, the entire risk-reward dynamics are more in your favor because the stock has more of an opportunity to have a legitimate trend. All right. Yeah. Yeah, so that that covers kind of the 10 principles. Um, yeah, I'd echo the don't gamble on earnings part part. Just it's a 50/50 shot. Um,
[67:02] and you know, this last part we just want to cover a little bit about what the swing report will offer. Um, and walk through an example report as well and kind of walk through the structure of it. So diving in here, we're going to have a weekend report as well as Oliver will post a mid-week mid-week update with added thoughts and charts. Um, everything will be focused in actual commentary, and we'll also be including as Oliver mentioned a monthly Q&amp;A educational webinar diving deeper into entry tactics and really the the nitty-gritty details that bring everything together. We've got the overall strategy, but then it's about how you actually execute and enter some of these positions. And we've got some great bonus resources. First and foremost, the market cycle mastery webinar. I believe it's 4 hours long from the swing trade masterclass. A really great walk-through of Oliver's full price cycle. We we're also including Oliver's Victory in Stock Trading ebook together. You can really learn Oliver's strategy to make the most out
[68:04] of the report. We've also got the screening guide, Tesla trading case study, and also the 10 principles of trading PDF. And of course we'll add this webinar there along with it. So Oliver, I'll pass it over to you. What are you most looking forward to, um, you know, teaching everybody in this report? And what's kind of your overall goal with with this resource? So yeah, I mean really, uh, I I focus on the high beta liquid growth stocks. Um, so I'm going to try to do my best to highlight the best opportunities in that space. Um, you know, if I see something else out there, I'll I'll certainly try to bring it to light. Um, but overall, like that's that's really what I focus on is the high beta liquid growth names, you know, probably I would say for 99% of what I do. Um, so I'm going to try to identify the best opportunities in that space. Um, and then via the monthly webinars, um, really you guys would guide that.
[69:08] Um, because I want to try to help people with whatever they're having issues with. Um, so it'll really be driven by the by the users and in the feedback you guys give us, and we'll go over everything. I mean, certainly starting out we'll go over things like the price cycle, understanding price structure, higher highs, higher lows, um you know, screening to find opportunities, find stocks, um things like, you know, managing risk, how to get into specific trades, and you know, the cost-benefit of how to approach that. Um So, that'll that'll be monthly. Um and then also, you know, we're going to have sort of a a resources area that will be built up over time. You know, as we do these webinars, they'll all be there. Um but then let's say on Palantir, when we had the three-bar break, somebody wants to know what a three-bar break is, you know, Richard and I will do something and and we'll explain what that is, and
[70:12] we'll keep it in the resources section. Um you know, things like I use pivot points on the intraday chart. Um you know, I don't know how deep I've gone into that with people. So, you know, we'll have stuff on how I set up my intraday charts, the pivot points, VWAP, the intraday 20 EMA, um and how to approach that. Um but also, I sort of view it like kind of everybody knows at this point, I feel like my price cycle, utilizing the 10 20 EMA and price structure. Um but something, you know, I sort of view it like there's two parts to trading. You have your strategy, but then you also have like your execution tactics, like how do you actually get into these ideas? Um so, I want to try to highlight that in the report. Um and I'm basically I sort of already do this for myself anyway. I'm basically going to kind of view it as like a journal. Like here, these are the ideas I'm watching. And oh hey, like yesterday, uh AMD did this. Here was the entry. Like I
[71:15] missed it, or whatever it is. But like this is where you should have got in. This is why. Um or hey, this was the idea and path that we had last night. Like here were the the ideal entries. Here's why. Um and then I also want to follow up on kind of managing the trades versus like just pointing out some bull flag. And you know, if it works, great. If it doesn't, great. Like entering a trade is probably like 10% 20% of the trade. It's obviously a key part of the trade. Um but, you know, managing the trade is really probably what you're doing for 70% of the time until the 10% where you sell. They're all important, but I want to try to show ideas and then kind of follow up on managing the trade. Um and then obviously, talk through sell techniques. Um and I think one of the things like, you know, people took the course and stuff, and I did my best to try to share everything I know, but um there's just kind of so much information
[72:18] um that gets overlooked. And kind of through the day-to-day, you know, I I've subscribed to multiple newsletters over the years. Um I still subscribe to to to one um that I'll always subscribe to. And it's because of the concepts that I've learned from them. Um and so, my goal is through time for people to kind of be able to pick up these concepts um that we just see via the market, via it happening, and and kind of going through it together. Um so, that's that's really kind of my goal. Um and certainly, um you know, like there's going to be a weekend report, which will probably be a little bit longer, um more of a focus on weekly charts with dailies. And then I think midweek will be more on dailies. Um and then as I see fit, you know, if I think we need a report because something happened, like I'm going to write it. Like this past week, you know, I wrote a report on Wednesday where I was a little cautious.
[73:20] Um but then I was like dead wrong. So, I wrote another one on Thursday, which happened to have been a pretty good one. Um so, you know, even though there's going to technically be the two reports, like, you know, if I think there's opportunity, you know, I want us all to have a lot of success. So, you know, we're going to get it done. Um and that's, you know, that's kind of my goal for for the report. Yeah, and one more thing that I know we've talked about that is one of the critical details is position sizing. I know you mentioned you want to get into the, you know, the finer frameworks and and how you do that, and and how people can do that effectively. Whatever final size they want to get to, how to build up to that over time. Combining price and position sizing is key. Yeah, for sure. And uh yeah, I mean, they're all, you know, I want to try to help people and, you know, help myself, too. I mean, you know, I don't pretend to know it all. Anyone who does, I I think that's a pretty big red flag. Um but, you know, I want to relate the concepts, and then, you know, help us
[74:23] all, myself and you guys, try to refine and and get better at implementing all of them, you know, every day and week. Yep. So, here's uh the Swing Report archives, which you'll have access to. Uh here's just a few of the resources that we've included that are available right now when you sign up. Uh this is the the webinar right there. This is the ebook. You can learn so so much from just these two things. Super valuable resources. I learned a ton from uh you know, helping build this um and uh going through a sample report. We've also created an introduction video uh that walks through a full sample report describing the sections, but just very quickly, we'll have a legend at the top. Um Oliver will run through market insight, uh giving you context about the overall environment. Uh then we'll analyze um the index ETFs, then run into the individual names starting with the liquid leaders, and finishing it off with uh the most actionable names at the time. This is from uh the December 7th report. Uh we've got PATH here, and TNX,
[75:27] uh both which acted great. Uh and then uh this is just an example of kind of following up and managing uh a name that was already actionable. Um Oliver, you know, looking at the report and and running through the template quickly, anything you want to emphasize uh on that side of things? No, I just I mean, basically, I'm going to look through the indexes um cuz, you know, obviously, if the indexes aren't in an uptrend, it's going to be easier to make money than if the indexes are in a downtrend. Um to be the the kind of liquid leading stocks, you know, the Apples, the Microsofts, etc. Um sometimes those will be what I'm looking to trade, um which I was trading those a lot at the beginning of this year. Um but secondly, because like I said earlier, you know, those names are where the most dollar volume's trading. So, if the market's going up, you know, likely Apple's moving higher, etc. Um so, I always want to pay attention to them even if I'm not trading them. And then ideally, I'm able to highlight, you
[76:30] know, some more high-octane type stuff um because in a perfect world, that's what we could always trade. Um so, that would kind of be the the third part. And then part four would just be, you know, managing the trade, um following the 10 20-period moving average. You know, like Pinterest here, I think I like to use the 20-day, but if you just look at this stock, it's kind of defined to the 10-day is probably the moving average of relevance. Um so, I can hopefully try to highlight that for you guys the best I can. Um and then lastly, um do my best to to try to have us all selling into strength versus getting stopped out on weakness. Um you know, those are going to kind of be the goals for me. Yep. Perfect. Uh so, this is just a quick slide on on who this is kind of for, uh for both active swing and position traders uh looking for trade ideation as well as education, especially if you have a strong work ethic and are willing to put in the time. Uh I know Oliver's
[77:33] uh said in the past that he's learned so much from analyzing previous newsletters, learning that pattern recognition, uh and then you can take that trade and make it your own. Um as we mentioned before, we'll we'll be focusing on a lot of kind of key concepts, the details of the system, uh entry tactics, position sizing, managing the trades, how to actually do that in reality. Uh and then, of course, uh this will be the best place to learn the details of Oliver's system and process. Uh anything you want to add here, Oliver? Well, yeah, like I I would definitely definitely want to say this. Uh you know, don't sign up if you think this is just going to be like the the golden ticket, and there's going to be ideas, and like because of that, you're going to make a ton of money. Like you have to you have to, you know, be a person who's studying on their own, putting in the work, um and hopefully, you can take in some things via osmosis and um add them to your strategy. You know, not every one of you is going to follow
[78:35] my exact strategy. You know, like I said, some of you may buy at the same buy areas me, and sell into like day three of the breakout. Some of you may say, "Hey, I think Oliver is often trading, you know, some of the best names, but I'm more of a longer-term holder. So, I may be willing to use the 50-day moving average, but I want to know what he's trading, or or whatever it may be." Um but just like don't subscribe if you think that this is going to be like the golden ticket. Like you got to be willing to put in the work on on on your own behalf, or or you're probably not going to have success long-term. Um so, you know, that is definitely something that I think is very very very important. Um and hopefully, I can help reduce someone's learning curve. That's really the goal. Like I said, I subscribe to multiple newsletters over the years. Some of them didn't fit, you know, what I was trying to do. So I unsubscribed. Some of them did. But via what I learned from each of
[79:39] them, I was able to kind of build my own strategy. And trust me when I say, I mean, I have stacks. Here you can't see I have tons of books I've I've read through. I've really definitely put in the work. I I still am. And you know, that is something that you got to have if you want to have success long-term. So I just definitely want to emphasize that. Yep, perfect. And I know there were a bunch of questions coming into the chat. How do you sign up? Basically, you want to visit the swingreport.com. You can also use the QR code here. I'll put it in the chat right now the URL URL code. So the swing report .com. That's how you can sign up. You can sign up with either a monthly or annual. I would highly highly recommend the annual. There's that represents a lot of savings overall. And if you really want to commit to this, put in that work, the annual is the way to go to get the full full amount out of this as much as you can. And we look forward to to seeing you there. I think we're going to really
[80:41] build an amazing resource. We've already got some great resources there ready for you once you sign up. They can go ahead and study. And I'm personally looking forward to learning a lot and continue to learn from Oliver. His swing trade masterclass was fantastic. Really helped me accelerate my own personal learning curve and I think this will be kind of a very natural extension to that. And to be able to kind of follow along in real time both the ideation as well as managing the ideas, I think it's going to be really priceless. So Oliver, any last words that you want to leave everybody with today? Any last words of encouragement? What you're kind of looking forward to pass on that you haven't already mentioned? No, I mean, that's pretty much it. And you know, I just hope I can do a great job for anyone interested and pick some pick some good winners for us. That's my goal. Yep, perfect. So it's the swingreport.com. We dropped the link in the chat. I'll put it in one more time. The swing report .com.
[81:45] And other than that, I thank you guys all for spending your Saturday morning with us. We saw a lot of great questions and comments. And we couldn't do this without you. So thank you so much for joining us. And we'll see you over at the swingreport.com. So thanks everybody and take care. Bye. All right, thank you.