I think people's first instinct is to buy a short-term call and think it's it's almost like gambling. And I think premium selling is the opposite and it's a professional way to trade and I think we should talk about it. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, I have very mixed like a mixed history on this. My first 20 years in this business, I was a market maker and market makers don't get to choose what they want to do. So, what that means is as a market maker, you essentially have to take the other side of what anybody else wants to do. So, if a customer wants to sell calls, you buy them. And if a customer wants to buy calls, you sell it. So, every single day I went to work, I had no idea if I was going to be long or short premium. Like I mean, you just don't know. At the end of the day, I could end up being long premium and hedge it off or I could be short premium hedge it off and you you pretty much roll with the punches. In today's high-frequency world, it's pretty much the same thing. You know, the biggest high-frequency firm is Citadel and they have no idea whether they're going to be long or short premium by the end of the day. They'll just adjust their volatilities and do whatever. As a retail investor, when I when we built thinkorswim and we became retail, I changed because I no longer felt you know, when you're buying premium and you're buying on the bid, it's one thing, but when you're buying premium and you're buying it on the offer or or somebody else's offer, I didn't feel the edge was there for me. So, I decided to kind of flip the cards. So, I don't buy premium anymore. So, it's been 26 years now since I've bought premium. Um I would say that I'm not going to say it's it's the only way or the best way. It works for me because I'm I'm disciplined enough that I only sell premium in high volatility situations. Um the only other time I use premium is is on a directional basis and I am less successful as a directional premium seller. I'm more successful as a high vol premium seller. I am much less &gt;&gt; Explain that high volatility. Is that Is that mean when something's in play, you're going the opposite but you're not taking both sides? &gt;&gt; No, no, sometimes taking both sides. Like the Dell trade, I think that's a really I don't care I couldn't care less about Dell. But I think that the 95% volatility of the 100, you know, IVR to me was really interesting. I when I like for example in crude oil, I sold calls cuz I was bearish. That trade has not worked. I sold puts in gold because I was bullish. That trade has worked small, but you know what I'm saying, those were directional trades. Those were not volatility trades. Over time, I'm much less successful doing directional premium trades than I am doing high volatility premium trades. Like the Dell trade. Or the SpaceX trade. &gt;&gt; Those are better trades. &gt;&gt; Much better trades. Or like the I I sold IBM strangle yesterday. It's in a dollar today. It's a dollar lower today. &gt;&gt; And what's your Achilles' heel? What's the one trade that you can't quit but you should? &gt;&gt; Oh, I my Achilles' heel is that I I like every other trader in the world, I I have a a big ego and I think I know something and it it totally, you know, it messes with my head because I I have to keep reminding myself that I don't know anything and I think I do, but I don't. My Achilles' heel is that I get very opinionated. &gt;&gt; You know, I have I have um something I've been doing with with betting. I'm not a big better. I'm a very small better. Like hundreds of dollars, not even thousands of &gt;&gt; Me too. &gt;&gt; I don't want people to think I'm a gambler, but but I've been actually doing really well and I keep cashing out of that account and the reason I do well is literally I just try to think which way the news has me thinking and And I go the opposite. So like yesterday I kept hearing Brazil, Brazil, Brazil so good but and so I was like I'll just bet Spain and and then they won and I was like all right. &gt;&gt; If you like this video, please take a look in the description at what I'm building now. You can join along for free, get access to my new portfolio, career optimization tools, financial forecasting, and our new prediction engine. Stay tuned for even more.
