I told the story of many times, you know, when we first built thinkorswim, we didn't even build a charting package. And the reason we did is because we didn't know anybody actually looked at charts. We've been on the trading floor for 20 years and had no idea that customers looked at charts. And we're like and everybody started bitching at me and they were like, "Where's your charting package?" I'm like, "Who uses charts?" And they're like, "We all do." And I'm like, "Oh, shoot. I got to build a charting package." So, I had to build a charting package. Um yeah, to me charts are just, you know, they're ridiculous. They mean absolutely nothing. The past is, you know, I'm I'm not somebody that looks at historical things. I only care about um I only care about implied things. I only care about future things. I don't care about So, to me, macro is for CNBC and Bloomberg. Let them yak about it all day long. It means nothing. And um it doesn't impact markets and technical stuff doesn't mean anything to me either. If it engages you, great. I mean, we have plenty of charting packages, but I couldn't care less. Um I look at different levels of volatility and I'm a premium seller. I look at different levels of volatility. I look at expected move. Um I look at price extreme, which is which is completely subjective, but all the those type of things. &gt;&gt; Mhm. And then that's why you're Is that [snorts] why you're so focused on the numbers and the maths? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And then then that bleeds into obviously who you're getting onto your show as well. As you mentioned, like physicist uh uh &gt;&gt; those people work for us. We don't have any guests. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. I remember. Yeah. &gt;&gt; We have no guests. So, so we have data scientists, physicists, mathematicians. They're all part of I I tasty is a think tank. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, that's those are all, you know, they do all the research. We do 60 hours a day of research. &gt;&gt; Would you say that in terms of your experience being around these [snorts] individuals as well, is that helping you to elevate your game and your knowledge as well? &gt;&gt; yeah. I mean, I'm I you know, I was just a dumb floor trader. Now, I'm a dumb screen trader, but but I have put myself, you know, you're you're you're always just um you're always kind of like somewhere either a little bit above or a little bit of below the people you hang around with. You know, and so I always hang around with just a bunch of traders. So, that's a pretty that's a pretty low-level starting point, okay? And um I mean, they're all they're all crazy alpha males and they're all like, you know, they're all pretty smart math-wise, but they're all crazy. And I surrounded myself over the last 25 years with technologists and brilliant technologists and mathematicians and, you know, all these crazy crazy smart people and it has elevated my understanding of a lot of things in the world. No question about it. And I mean, and these people are young. Like, I'm not talking about like, you know, people my age. I'm talking about people like in their, you know, they're 24, 25, 27, you know, crazy. &gt;&gt; What are your thoughts when it comes to the independent traders out there because you, as you said, when it comes to the floor, that is a very community-driven environment. &gt;&gt; That world's dead. The floor's gone. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; But what about the independent traders now who are essentially just up by themselves? They don't really have that think tank. They don't really have that that element of uh community around them. &gt;&gt; is. It's kind of that community. I mean, that's why I do live shows all over the world because I want people to I want people to have an opportunity. And And And And this might sound crazy, but sometimes I just we do a live show and there's five, six, 700 people there and I just say, "Look around. You are not alone." Like, the reason that we brought you all here together today is so you can see you're not alone. And it's important. It's empowering. It It's invigorating a little bit. It's totally engaging. &gt;&gt; And would you Would [snorts] you say that traders should go out there more? Like, whether it's attending one &gt;&gt; think it's that easy because you have to be careful. You you know, one of the things that people reason people come to our events is because they trust us because we don't we're not there to sell them something. We're not there to you know, there's nothing for sale. There's nothing you know, we just we just and we don't charge anything. We genuinely want you to see that there's other traders and we genuinely want you to see that we care. And that's it. And we're going to give you some takeaways. &gt;&gt; I think that's important cuz one thing I've noticed from being at events is is that very thing. The biggest takeaway is that you realize oh wait there's so many traders out there and especially if you start to interact with them you realize majority go through the same thing. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but they're skeptical. So traders will go to these different events like you know, money shows and things like that and they'll be like but then they always get sold. There's something for sale at the end and they're like I knew it. You know, and um I don't do that. Like we don't do we don't have anything. There's nothing there. They're just like aren't you guys going to try to sell us something? I'm like no. I'm going to shake your hand. I'm going to give you a book. I'm going to give you whatever you what you know, whatever I have to give away. Um we've written we've written books. Um we've we've we give everything away. Um we'll give you our content. We'll give you our we'll give you the the slides from we just did and you know, we want you to be successful. We want you to build wealth. &gt;&gt; In terms of edge within trading like how important is it to have a very would you say a statistical edge and data back test? &gt;&gt; mechanical &gt;&gt; There is no such thing as statistical edge. There is for some prop firms you can find you know, like if if you build if you're a high frequency firm or something you can have a little bit of edge cuz you're making markets and but for retail customers there's no edge. Never &gt;&gt; If you like this video, please take a look in the description at what I'm building now. You can join along for free, get access to my new portfolio, career optimization tools, financial forecasting, and our new prediction engine. Stay tuned for even more.
