[00:00] My name is Corey Halliday and I've been a professional option trader for over 25 years and in today's video, I'm going to give you five brutal truths when it comes to trading options. This is going to challenge the way you think, it's going to challenge the way you trade, it's going to challenge some of what's being peddled by gurus on the internet. But I do promise if you watch the video all the way through, it will change the way you look at the options market from this point forward. So with all that being said, let's jump right in. The first piece of advice is that most

[00:33] people simply utilize options in a directional fashion. And the simple approach to the options market is to buy them. Now, do they understand that there's time decay, theta, working against their option, which means that every day they hold that option, there's a little value that decays over time? No, they don't understand that. Do they understand that because they bought an out-of-the-money that the stock has to go up a lot for them to be successful? If the stock only

[01:06] goes up a little or heaven forbid goes sideways or down, all of these other outcomes, they're going to lose, lose, lose, lose, lose. They can only win if you get a really big out No, they don't understand that, right? They don't really understand all of the intricacies of options and they'll try their hand at option trading without education. They'll say, Other people make money in options, why can't I? And they come out and they do some of the most speculative thing possible, which is they are option

[01:40] buyers. They just go out and they spend premium. Not understanding probabilities, not understanding risk, reward, all of these things that play a part in having a solid foundation for being able to trade successfully. So, the first brutal lesson is that people try their hand buying options without proper education. The second lesson is they buy way out of the money. Now, why do they buy way out of the money? The reason is because it's inexpensive. If we were to take a stock,

[02:15] let's just say Nvidia, very popular stock, it's trading at 220 per share, and they say, "Okay, there's all these different strike prices to choose from. I can buy a call at 220. I can buy a call at 230. I can buy a call at the 240 strike." There would be others, but let's just keep it simple, right? They could buy in the money, at the money, out of the money call options. These are all calls. These ones are what we call in the money options. They have deep intrinsic value. This is

[02:49] your at the money strike because it's the strike price closest to the price of the stock. And then these are out of the money. And the way that options price is that the cost, the value of the option, gets more and more expensive the further you go in the money, and less and less expensive the further you go out of the money. So, these option pricing, you know, maybe this one's going for 30 bucks, this one's going for 20 bucks. We'll just keep it kind of simple. This one's going for 10.

[03:23] This one's going for four. And this one's going for a buck, or whatever, right? Just hypothetically, that's the value. So, the beginner-level option trader says, "Well, first of all, I'm going to go buy options. They don't understand time decay, other factors. Secondly, they say, 'Let me go get this one that cost the least amount. Let me go buy this cheap option.'" Well, have you ever heard the term, "You get what you pay for? That can be true in the options market.

[03:56] This option is highly unlikely to be successful. The stock would have to go up an enormous amount in a very short time span to go beyond the 240 strike in the next few days for this to have any value. So, the probability is there's a high probability that they're going to lose 100% of what they have spent for those options. These are lottery tickets style options. They are low cost

[04:29] with big potential payoff if something magical happens and the tooth fairy never shows up, you don't get that money under your pillow and you lose 100% of the premium paid. Why? Cuz you bought a highly speculative option. You are doing something more aggressive, which is being an option buyer, then you're compounding that by being an out of the money option buyer and spending for cheap options, but maybe putting a

[05:01] big position size on. The probability of losing everything you put into that is high. And then here's what happens. That person says, I went out, I bought options, it doesn't work. It's Options are risky, they say. Not because they handled it in a proper fashion. They tried their hand and they put on about the most risky strategy possible. Yes, they lost and now they are they're jaded and they have a bad feeling about the options market. So, how do we improve that? Well,

[05:34] lesson number two, don't buy way, way out of the money speculative options. Brutal lesson number three, position sizing. Position sizing is how much do you have at risk? And before we decide on how much of a position that we're willing to take, we need to think about the risk. And risk comes in a couple of different ways. One way to think about risk is how much can I lose? We need to have that well

[06:07] defined. The other risk is how probable is this to take a loss? We need to think about this in two fashions because if I say to you, "Is driving to the grocery store risky?" You might say, "No, that's not risky at all." And I say, "Are you sure? Somebody could lose their life doing that. That seems highly risky." And then you say, "Well, it is highly risky, but it's not very probable to happen." See how they're two different things? How What's my worst case scenario? And how

[06:41] probable is that to happen? And I need to think about both of those. And I need to manage risk accordingly. The third brutal lesson is that the beginner, not only do they buy options, which puts them at a strategic disadvantage, rather than being the option seller, that's where we prefer to to live often times, but secondly, they buy highly speculative options and then worst case of all, lesson number three, they don't position size properly. So, they don't

[07:14] think about how much they're comfortable losing, they think about winning. And they say, "Well, how much money do I want to make? How much could How good could this be?" They have a gambler mentality. A trader, a true investor, understands how much can I lose and how probable is that to happen. And they guard against that. They say first, "I'm going to make sure that the max loss is something I'm comfortable with. If the worst-case scenario

[07:46] happens, it is a small percentage of my total trading account. It is a manageable loss. It's just the cost of doing business. It's something that I will forget about. If you trade properly, you'll take a thousand trades and none of them on the risk side will be memorable. Why? Because they're all the same size. They're all the same risk. They're not taking massive risk and losing 20% of your account on a single trade. That is unacceptable. So, again, lesson number three, we do not

[08:19] position size based on reward. No, no, no. We position size based on risk and how probable those risks are. Lesson number four, not understanding volatility. The option trader will often come and buy these speculative options at perhaps the worst time to do it. The Nasdaq has a calendar where you can see all the different companies reporting earnings. And if I look and I can click on the calendar and I can go out in time and I

[08:53] can see who's reporting next Wednesday and so on. And there will be companies that report their earnings. And these earnings reports happen every three months. So, once a quarter, the company will give a state of the company address. Here's how we're doing. Here's our earnings, our revenues. Here's our growth rate. Here's some of the risks we have as a company. And they'll talk that through to investors. So, it happens every three months. You can see next week salesforce.com and Snowflake and these different

[09:27] companies are reporting. If we look at what reported this past week or just yesterday, for example, last night Nvidia reported earnings. So, here's what people do. They say, "Well, Nvidia, great company, phenomenal. I'm going to buy options." Well, that's a problem cuz strategically, you're more likely to lose as an option buyer. Secondly, they say, "Well, I'm going to buy cheap out of the money options. I'm not going to position size properly."

[09:59] And so on. And worst of all, they might buy into earnings. Now, why is that a problem? Well, what do we know about earnings? People buy into earnings because they think, "Well, stocks usually move sharply on earnings, right? Big price moves on earnings one way or the other." Here's the problem. Don't you think the market knows that big price moves tend to happen on earnings? Absolutely, they know. They

[10:32] know that big price moves happen on earnings. The market's not dumb. Everybody knows that the stock moves a lot. So, what happens? It's priced in. The options price in the fact that the stock will be more volatile than it normally is. That's already known. It gets priced into the options. So, the premiums get super expensive. To buy an option into earnings is a very expensive proposition. And so, not only are you buying options,

[11:06] you're buying expensive options. And the most probable outcome on an earnings report is what we call a volatility crush. What is a vol crush? Where It's where premiums are very high, and then they get they implode, and the option values drop. Even the stock moves quite a bit, perhaps, the premiums drop enormously in value.

[11:41] That's because the unknown of the earnings become known, and most of the time there's not a massive change in the company. Most of the time it's not like this is a game-changer in the company will be different from this point forward, it's just an update. Hey, we made this much in revenue, this much in earnings, and it's right around analyst projections, and the world moves forward, and the option premiums collapse. They get crushed. So, as an option buyer, when you buy super expensive options, and

[12:15] then you go through a volatility crush, like Nvidia options are experiencing today, this company reported earnings last night, and the stock is barely budged. It's moved it's down 1.5%. They were probably pricing this stock to move well over 10% in just a couple of days, and yet it's moved 1%. The options are imploding in value. If I were to pull up an option chain, you'll be able to see this. All

[12:48] right, so I'm going to come over to Nvidia's options, and we'll be able to see this in action. So, if you just look at some of these options as an example, here's the the at-the-money strikes, and you can see the net change. Look at the implosion of value. So, notice that this these options, both the calls and the puts, look at how they have imploded or been crushed. The calls are down almost $6 apiece, and the puts are down almost $2.50 apiece. Look at how

[13:22] much the options have lost in value. This is the net change. Both calls and puts have gone down. Even though the stock's gone down a little bit in price, the options, both sides, got crushed because the premiums were big and fat into the event, and then the unknown became known, and the premiums shrunk dramatically. So, people don't understand volatility, don't understand that the options can change in value based on volatility

[13:55] expectations. And this is something that we can take profits from as option sellers, playing the volatility crush. Finally, lesson number five, not understanding the Greeks. Now, we've touched on some of those Greeks here today. The Vega, for example, that's the volatility. That is what we're talking about with the volatility crush. Delta, this is the rate of change, how much the option changes based on the stock price moving.

[14:27] Theta, time decay. Options decay in value over time. So, this Theta column tells you how much the option is losing per day in value. These options that I'm highlighting, this one is losing $150 in value per day. This option is losing $158 in value per day. That means simply by Thursday, becoming Friday,

[14:59] these options will lose value based on time decay. It is the most predictable thing in the market. We know that Wednesday becomes Thursday, and Thursday becomes Friday. That's easy to predict. I know that next week will come, and I know that as an option seller, I can profit from time decay. But as an option buyer, I get into a lot of trouble. The way we always show this is with a graph like this, which represents how time decays. If I buy an option

[15:32] that's way out here with 3 months to expiration, there's less time decay. As a 3-month option becomes a 2-month option, it will decay, but it'll decay at a slower rate. As a 2-month option becomes a 1-month option, there's a little more decay, but still less than in the 30 days. In the final stages of an option's life is when the theta, the decay, is most severe. So, as option traders,

[16:05] we want to understand how these things work. And so, what do we do? We sell shorter-dated options to profit from big decay. And if we're option buyers, we buy further out in time, and we don't hold that expiration. We trade it in this window where there's less decay. Out here buying a 3-month option and selling it when it has 2 months left is much, much better than buying a 2-month option and selling it with 1 month left, which is still better than

[16:38] buying a 1-month option and holding it to expiration. So, you'll notice all of these five brutal lessons are just really a lack of education. And everyone will reach that fork in the road. They'll reach a moment where they have to decide for themselves, am I really going to be serious about my investments and getting my money to work for me? The reality is you paid the tuition one way or the other. Either through the school of hard knocks, lose, lose, lose, hopefully you figure it out and you right the ship, or you'll learn from

[17:10] people that have been through that before. If any of this resonated, if you think, you know, I wish somebody had told me about this sooner. We put together a video on covered calls that I think is the single best starting point for someone that wants to do this. Watch it next. I'll see you in the next video.