[00:00] Welcome back everybody. Finally, finally the market gave us some kind of relief rally here. And today I'm going to break down the positions that I have open, the stocks that I'm watching, and my game plan going into next week. Now, if you missed out on the dip yesterday, I got good news for you. It's not over yet, and we could see more continuation. However, it is conditional, and I'm
[00:24] going to lay out all the levels for you in this video. But before we move on, just a quick reminder. This is not financial advice. So do your own research. All right, let's start off with the S&P here. And yesterday, what happened is we had that really, really nasty red candle and it broke through that 50 EMA. And you know, if you panicked at the side of this, I do not
[00:48] blame you. Uh I was pretty anxious myself watching this happen. However, if you take a look down here at this area where we got a lot of volume and this is the volume profile chart and you can see that we came down here and we started to react. Now, once I started seeing that reaction down here, that's when I picked
[01:10] up the spy calls. And today, man, did I wake up to an amazing amazing surprise. Up about 383% on this trade. and I sold it right off the open. Uh, you know, this was an options play and I bought practically the bottom here. It doesn't happen often that I, you know, nail it down like this, but this one worked really
[01:32] beautiful and that makes up for quite a few of, you know, some of the trades that I've just been getting stopped out of in this chop. Now, the question is, what happens from here? And is it time to start buying or not? Let's draw a line here so you can see what's going on. And let's clean up these indicators here. So, we had a downtrend that went
[01:56] on for quite a bit and we finally broke out of it. So, tomorrow, tomorrow is going to be confirmation. If we start to break back down, then hey, maybe this was just a fake out and that was the end of things. The shorts covered and the market, you know, uh, continues to chop and bleed out. But I don't think that's the case. I think we get a nice move to the upside, but there will be red days.
[02:20] So, do not uh FOMO in right now. Let's take a look at the cues here. The Q's very similar. And we closed right above that uh trend line. And we got this point of control here. Tomorrow, confirmation, guys. Tomorrow, if we get another green candle, this market is getting ready to rip to the upside. Now,
[02:43] here on the left, you're going to see that we do have this gap up here to about 7:30. So, in my opinion, this would be the next magnet on the cues. This is where we would be headed up and this would give us uh, you know, a really nice 2% rally before we hit resistance. And I think that, you know, we do get that pop and then we chop. Now, it's not all just fun and games and
[03:08] rosy and beautiful because we got oil still high, right? We did get a bit of a pullback on the light uh crude oil futures here back to this trend line. Brent as well, pretty similar, but we just came back for a retest. So, as long as we continue holding this area, then oil could continue going up and that would put downward pressure on the
[03:29] market. Now, let's talk about some of the names that I have open. First on the list is Nvidia. And I picked some up here at the bottom, just a starter position. And once we started seeing that continuation, I started adding into it. Right now though, we are up against resistance. So, tomorrow we're going to see how this acts. Uh, you know,
[03:51] typically when you have something like this, a lot of times it will just like to gap up the next day and then continue. If we get a gap and go, fantastic. We got a a gap to fill right here at about 224. And our next resistance is up here at about 225. But once we enter this area, you got the thinner volume here. And some people call this the waistline. And uh you
[04:14] know, once you break through this area, you typically go pretty fast through this area here and come up to that next uh node on the volume chart. Next play I have open is Madna. And beautiful, beautiful breakout. And I know it's very tempting when you catch a move like this to just exit, but when you zoom out, you'll see that this is just the
[04:36] beginning. Now, if we get confirmation tomorrow, this is going to run pretty nicely. I think 175 180 is uh is where it's going to go. So, tomorrow more confirmation. Now, I did add into this because uh I'm trying to remember exactly where I picked this up. uh not exactly at the bottom, but you know, close to that point of control. So, now
[04:59] we're starting to come up. Uh my average right now is 148.883. Yep, there's the uh there's the marker I have. In case we come back to my break even, maybe I'll lighten up a bit and uh until it continues. But uh overall, not too bad. Volume's a bit on the low end, but it is beginning to uptick. So, watch Madna, right? Uh, also before we
[05:24] get into the next one, AMD has been doing uh, phenomenal here. So, if you're in AMD, this is your resistance here at 545. We have broken through that point of control, but we're up against a bit of resistance. So, uh, AMD is looking super bullish here in my opinion. Super bullish. Uh, we had this downtrend here.
[05:47] We broke out, we retested, and we just blasted right through that point of control. though AMD as well but uh you know I I don't have any position in MD maybe on pullbacks I would not be chasing and something I was saying in uh our Discord community and I think I may have said it in yesterday's video this market has a lot of abundance if you miss out on a move sit on your hands
[06:10] wait for the pullback it will come back to you eventually and if you miss out on one stock there's always another one there's always a move just around the corner now I've been trying to diversify outside of just, you know, Mag 7 and stuff. So, I've been picking up some uh other names here. One that came uh up on my scanner today was uh New Tanics and
[06:34] ticker NTNX. Here is our here's the node here at about 68 and uh this was our kind of like our resistance here. We broke through it once and we came back down. Right. Today we had the breakout or even you could say the confirmation. We had the previous day just peaked up a bit and then today we had that confirmation.
[06:56] So, uh I'm targeting based off of the fib extension $75 to $79. And I just want to take a quick pause here and say we have a really awesome Discord community. And what makes it so great is two things. First off, the people. We got some awesome people and it's a very tight-knit community. Number two, what I really like is we are not just focused
[07:19] on uh trading signals and you know this is not just another group to pay and get signals. This is a group where you come and actually learn how to trade and develop your skills. Lots of resources uh in the Discord. So check out the link down below. Also, we have a discount code limited to the first 25 people. I believe there's about 20 or less remaining on that one. All right,
[07:42] everybody. Next one is Meta and uh I only scalped this one into the close here, but it is setting up now. We got this line here at about let's see here 683 and let me take off the line so you can see what happened today. Today we had the breakout of this upper trend line, right? And then we started to fade back. I was just watching it. I'm like,
[08:04] I'm not sold on this. But then buyers started stepping in here and that's when I decided to take a quick scalp on this one. And this one returned roughly like 30ish%. Not bad for a quick scalp into the close. Um let's talk about uh crypto here. Crypto is it's struggling but it could be the next one to pop here. Uh we
[08:27] are kind of like constricting here in this range on Bitcoin but watch the breakout. Also um let's talk about some of the other trades I have. Google is just uh it's it's not doing much. It's just sitting there, but it is still, you know, holding that trend line again. So, uh, what I'm doing on Google is I have my starter position on this one and I'm targeting 370, but I'm not going to add
[08:49] into it until we crack through that 346 area. And next, let's do a quick look at SpaceX and Tesla. No position in them, but SpaceX is looking interesting here. Now, we did have a decent uh opportunity to load up here. However, I was not too sold. I did not like that SpaceX came below that point of control and had a
[09:13] bit of a rejection here. So yesterday we had that move back above and today we got confirmation. So what's the deal with SpaceX right now? Your overhead resistance is 155. Okay, if you can crack 155, we could see a steady grind up to 175. Okay, right now, you know, you could try and pick up uh any pullbacks, especially to the 9 EMA, this
[09:39] this uh faint white line here or down back to that point of control. Any quick pullback and push uh we are up against resistance. We're going to see tomorrow if it just breaks through it or if it decides to chop around a bit. Tesla today getting some steam as well. And I think Tesla wants to go now. Uh you know, in the last video or two, I said, I'm not so sure. I don't like the momentum, but it is really just building
[10:03] an insane amount of pressure here. And when this goes off, I think it's going to go off hard. But, uh, right now it's really just asleep. So, if we can crack through this area we're in here, roughly 370 zone. Treat it as a zone, right? We crack through that uh 370, we'll come back up probably 390, maybe higher. And
[10:27] uh also I'm going to keep an eye on uh some of the China names. They're looking like they're really really at the the bottom here, but I'm not ready to pull the trigger just yet. Uh BU is one of those names, and I got my alert at about 91 bucks. If we start breaking up, maybe we could see a rebound back up to 106. Uh still early again, but uh I'll keep
[10:50] you updated if I decide to pull the trigger. Make sure to hit the like button before you leave. It really helps the channel grow and it helps me get more information out to you in a timely manner. The more engagement we get on the videos, the more people are going to come to uh this YouTube channel. And uh by the way, this is the one year mark for this YouTube channel. So, we're
[11:12] almost closing in on 13,000 subscribers in the first year. Really excited about that. Hopefully this coming year we'll get it up over 50K, maybe even 100K. Thank you all for your support and I hope you have an awesome rest of your day. Peace.