You're not going to be able to predict the future over time. That's not going to work. What this is is about trying to find situations that offer asymmetric risk return. Okay? If you're wrong, you're going to lose a dollar and be fine with it. And if you're right, you're going to make $5. The number [snorts] of people that are successful doing this is in the low single digits. Get it. Believe it. Live that. Understand that because that's a fact. The low single digits is how many percentage of people are going to be successful doing this. Don't kid yourself because that's what your mind will do. You will remember the times you got things right. You will forget the times that you got things wrong and over time the sin of it all is you will lose money and that sucks. You know [snorts] stock markets up trend maybe a third of the time. So twothirds of the time is not a very good time to be probably running the system. So knowing when is a big part of that. Like I always tell people, you want to be on the knife's edge where I if if you have any more, you can't sleep at night. That's too much after. And if you have any less, you're probably not going to be focused or you won't care as much. Like like and that that dial is different for everybody. Write out your process. Build a manual. Take some time. If you really want to be passionate about this, you have a bit of time to do this. Write your manual out where if you had to go away to a desert island for 6 months, you couldn't look at the market, you had to hand off your notes to somebody else to trade your account for you the way you did, you would. I'm telling [snorts] you right now, in 20 years, these GLP shots, there's going to be side effects that nobody thought of, all right? That nobody came out with. I'm telling you right now, the shortcuts always have side effects, all right? And in our business, the side effects are losing money. No, &gt;&gt; I'd say like, you know, think about like the process you have to go through to be successful. It's like one, you have to learn a system. You probably have to read about many systems to find out what the one that works for you. You have to work through it. You have to risk your money to see if you're wrong. And then you're absolutely going to have to learn all of your personal failures only through failing in the market and then still have the perseverance to want to go back and fix yourself. And you have to do all of this while you're living your life. Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode. As always, we bring top traders, US investing champions, and market wizards here onto the show to share their journeys, their methods, their strategies, and the key principles that they want to pass on to you guys to save you time, save you money, and improve your trading performance. And if you love learning from great traders, we have two exclusive bonuses just for you. Down below in description, you'll find two resources. The first is a breakdown of today's interview with key quotes, key takeaways, and key concepts that you can apply right away to your trading. Second, just below that is something I'm very, very proud of. It is 10 lessons from market wizards. This combines a 100 plus interviews that I've done just like this one and combines all that knowledge into one place. again 100% free. So again, these are located down below in description. Check them out, share them with fellow traders and happy studying. And just one more reminder, if you enjoy these podcasts, please go ahead and double check down below that you're subscribed and leave a like. That helps us out immensely and helps us continue to bring on great guests. Uh so thanks so much in advance. Uh sit back, relax, get your notebooks ready, and enjoy. [music] All right, welcome back everybody. It's my pleasure to introduce the next panel of the Trailerine Conference. We have Matt Caruso and Jason Shapiro. Um we have both fantastic traders with very different styles. And today we're going to be comparing and contrasting and distilling the common principles between them. Uh to introduce them a little bit, Matt Caruso is a top performer in the US Investing Championship where he returned over 300% in one year using a growth swing/position trading approach. And in the other corner, we've got Jason Shapiro, hedge fun manager, market wizard with over three decades of experience in the markets. And Jason is a contrarian who uses coot data to trade positioning of the crowds. Uh Jason, uh Matt, first and foremost, thanks so much for being here. This this will be a lot of fun, I think. Uh so welcome. Thanks for your time. &gt;&gt; Yeah, thanks so much, Richard. &gt;&gt; Good to be here, Rich. &gt;&gt; Awesome. So to start with, I'd love for you guys to from maybe a high level perspective share your overall approach and goals in the market because both of you h like I said very different styles, but uh yeah, let's start with that to add a little bit of context. So Matt, maybe we'll start with you. Could you share kind of your general approach and what your objectives are in the market? &gt;&gt; Sure. So uh I I kind of really fall in the shoes, I guess, of you know, William O'Neal and can slim type of investing, but my background is just a little bit different. I was a market maker. So I kind of took what you know Willie O'Neal did as as the basis of things and I've kind of adjusted over the years and the way suits me with different types of entries I use as a market maker and uh different kind of ways to kind of figure out market direction. So nowadays I pretty much just trade long only equity and uh my aim is to really kind of avoid the big drops and then participate in the best leaders for the uptrends and uh just do that with as much focus as possible. &gt;&gt; Perfect. And uh Jason over to you. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I'm a futures trader. Um, I manage a CTA um for, you know, I have some institutional clients who who allocate money to me mostly because I think my return streams um end up being very non-correlated to uh just about everything else that they run it against. Um, [clears throat] which obviously adds value. You know, if I can be zero correlation with positive returns, then I'm I'm going to increase their risk adjusted returns. Um the way I approach it um is I take a very sort of I guess they call it contrarian point of view but it's more contrarian of positioning. So I'm looking at where people are massively long or where people are massively short and then I'm looking to go the other way which is why I end up with zero to negative correlation to everybody because I'm essentially doing the opposite of what everybody's doing when they are all doing it or when I can measure that they are all doing it. And then I wait, you know, once I that my measurements tell me that, I don't just get in. Um because I don't want to get run over. Um I wait until the market confirms what I'm saying. So I I always like to say I have three pillars of what I do. Positioning needs to be one-sided, sentiment needs to be one-sided, and then market action needs to confirm what I'm saying. So, okay, it's going down, everyone's getting short, everyone's getting bearish. I'm not just going to buy, you know, the falling knife. if I'm going to buy it when the market then gives me confirmation that hey now it's not going down anymore. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I think from our previous talks, you know, people know you for the news failure concept, which I think I I definitely want to touch on. U but perfect. That's a good kind of starting point so people can hear both sides. Um let's dive a little bit deeper. Um obviously, by the way, you guys do a fantastic podcast, The Markets Unscripted, where you guys both give your perspective each uh you know, each week about what's going on, which is awesome. Uh we we'll link that in the chat, but um Matt, maybe starting with you again. Um obviously you guys have different edges. Um what would you say are your biggest edges as a trader and how do you apply those in in your process? &gt;&gt; Yeah, so it's funny like like the first of all, we're doing the podcast. We just thought it would be just we were just kind of talking at an event last year and we're just saying, you know, the perfect trader would be basically being able to to play that uptrend to the the maximum capacity and be really focused on the key leaders. But then at the extremes because you know the trend follows are always going to be late then at the extremes be able to fade that. I'm like you know Jason and I together we'd be like a superstar team. We thought that would be like a great basis of uh you know the podcast and uh what's been what kind of some elements that I thought were great. You know I always figured you know in the directional trend like that would that's more like that would be more my wheelhouse. But what I found was amazing is that you know just when both of us are in sync at the same time that that really kind of actually point to the strongest part of the rally which we had the past couple of months because we were both seeing similar types of things. So uh but my I think you know kind of what makes my side stand out a little bit more is you know as being more equity focused and really like zero it in on my true mission is to find the absolute like equity leaders of the rally and I think that is that is one of the keys because you know a lot of people will can play the long side of the market and it doesn't take wizardry to kind of figure out if we're going to start going in an uptrend or not but tying that in with really find a leadership of the market like to me a leader a leading stock is one that does two things it goes up more than the market on upswings and it'll decline less than the market on swings on a relative basis and so and that you know reality that's alpha that that's what everyone is seeking or else you could just buy a lever QQQ ETF. So really one being able to bring the universe of thousands of stocks down to a few is like a critical component because you're going to be wrong anyways but when you're right you really want to be right and uh then after then after is what most people won't talk about but getting that right with the right positioning is the next key because anyone can point to I got these five great stocks but if it's a 1% of the portfolio and doesn't really do anything either. So I think that's kind of really that zeroing in within stocks even when we chat on the podcast that's something I always like to kind of bring up and and share as a as a standoff feature I guess. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Perfect. Yeah. Anybody can identify the leaders but actually getting meaningful size. That's that's the whole name of the game. &gt;&gt; And also identifying them before they become crowded like Jason was talking about. You know after the fact doesn't do that doesn't do you as much good as going to be when things are kind of uh not feeling so comfortable when you're buying them initially. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It just wins you Twitter points which don't count for anything. So there you go. Uh so Jason, perfect. Let's dive a little bit deeper into your method. How would you describe your edge? I know we've talked about this a little bit before and uh but yeah, uh to to explain it again, how would you define your edge in the markets? &gt;&gt; So it's funny. Um I think that's kind of that answer's changed over the years. You know, I used to when I used to go out and try to raise money, you know, the people would ask me, "What's your edge?" And I would usually say something like, "Well, the data that I use is not data that a lot of people use. I'm taking this contrarian approach means Uh, and while I believe that maybe gives me some edge, as I've started, you know, I started this crowded market report a few years ago and I I've had so many people join and I've been able to watch other people going through and I have I talk to them and I try to it's really sort of changed my view on this whole thing. I think it's actually a lot simpler. I think that what my edge is I'm very disciplined and I'm very patient, right? And really what that means is I have a lot of experience &gt;&gt; [laughter] &gt;&gt; That's all it is, right? I I've come to the conclusion that do I believe that what I do over time works? Yes, I better believe that. Otherwise, what am I doing too? The numbers have proven that. But I I've come to the conclusion like I always say now I don't care what makes you want to buy or sell something. I really don't, you know. Um but you have to be disciplined about it. You have to be patient about it, right? You're not going to buy something here. My macro view is this, so I'm going to buy this. Well, that might be your macro view, but don't buy that thing until the market is agreeing with you. Like, don't fight the tape, right? It's the same thing that I do. Okay, I'm going to buy this thing because I think everybody is short. Okay, &gt;&gt; but I'm not going to do it until the market agrees with me. So, I think it's those things that give manage my ability to do that. And and like Matt was saying, it's one thing to have a plan. We all know ride winners cut loose, you know, we all know this crap, risk management, you know, but do you actually have the patience to do that? Do you actually have the discipline to do that? And I think as I go through it and like I say, when I compare myself to the people that a lot of the people that are on my thing and the way they do all their different things, um, I think that's that's really where where my edge is. People say to me all the time like, "Hey man, you just went seven weeks without making a single trade. How do you possibly do that? I'm like, well, because I'm not here to make trades, right? I'm here to make money, you know, and if that's what I have to do, then that's what I have to do. And that's what process is so good. And again, everyone knows, oh, you have to develop a process and it has to have okay, but if you're not going to follow it, then what's the point, right? So again, how am I able to do that? Well, because I developed the process because without a process, I went through a long time where I did what everybody does. make a bunch of money, lose a bunch of money and get nowhere. So, I developed the process and then once I had a process and it was working, I still screwed it up by breaking the process, you know, doing all these non-disciplined things. And then I learned that that doesn't help me. That only hurts me over time, right? So, I got rid of that, you know. So, I think that's what the edge is at this point. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I would just follow up on that though cuz same with me with Cruo Insights when I started that know we started off but like just learning to deal with people every day and I think you know I think Jason would say something similar you know whereas when you trade for a living like I've done for many years now Jason you know you start to kind of get insulated with other people who have like similar levels of experience not that everyone does things right but you know you almost start to forget you know some of the strengths like Jason says you know I thought my ed was something else but it changed over time you start to you start to kind of like overlook the strengths that you built up over time and I you know we could see it like in in March it's like it's panic right then after everyone I'm in full cash cash is a position and sometimes that's the place to be but if if then after you just wait until it's comfortable to kind of buy stocks well then you're late and so like if the market just will almost naturally train you to do the wrong thing you know during an uptrend when you're scared to buy all the dips work but the first ones feel scary then at the end you say like w this discipline has been hurting me like why use stops and that's when the trend ends and then you kind of give everything back and more so just that that discipline is is just so incredible and I think Jason's right know time in the seat is something that you can't kind of just learn in a book but sticking to one process is key. I also jumped so many systems over time when I started off and it's like every system has its nuances, you know, like like Jason does, you know, looks at news failure. Well, there there's a nuance to that like I mean I try like I try and learn from Jason every week when we chat but like you know I'm trying to get my eyes to be trained that way and same with like you know holding positions. When are you stepping on the accelerator? When are you taking your foot off? Like what what are the key levels? When is it now time to just scale out completely? like those on paper it seems simple but everyone analyzes a chart typically one at a time and then working it all together as a system is like then suddenly you're in real time you're hit with this whole other barrage of problems you're totally unprepared for. So I think focusing finding what works with you psychologically and and with your personality and then you like a you know sorry to say but give it a few years like and then after see how you do over time. Hey everyone, just want to jump in here real quick and let you know that this episode is brought to you by DFW, which is the platform I use every single day to find new trading ideas, monitor existing positions, identify new leading themes, and analyze the markets. You guys deserve a platform that keeps innovating, and brings you the most up-to-date tools to trade the market. And at DFW, almost every single week, we're launching a new feature or system update. Here's what makes DFW different. The screener comes loaded with preset screens from actual market wizards and top traders. So, you're starting from the setups that the best in the world actually use. And when you're flipping through results, you've got mini charts right there, so you can visually scan through hundreds of stocks all at once. That alone saves me so much time every single week. The charting is built for how we actually trade. Multiple time frames, unlimited indicators, included anchor, VWAP, enhanced volume, custom indicators like RMV, and the built-in RS rating. You've got custom dashboards to track the market, themes, and real-time sector rotation so you always know where the money's flowing. Best yet, we just launched the DV AI terminal, which brings all your research into DV with easy to use preset prompts or your own custom ones. You can even identify gap catalyst with just a right click. So, go ahead and try it out today. We set up an exclusive offer for all Trailerine podcast listeners. So, to activate your trial today, check out the link down below in the description or visit dv.com/mpodcast. That's dv.com/mpodcast. And with that, let's get back to the interview. &gt;&gt; Yep. And I was going to add uh to what Jason said about patience. I think that fully applies to our our style more met too because there's there's those two to three times a year where we want to be active right after a correction after kind of a reset. And like you said, those are when the breakouts work. Those are when the gap ups work and follow through. Nobody trusts it. Everybody, you know, is uh you know, in this recent year, everybody was chopped to shreds for the last four months and then that's when it works. So that patience element is applies to both styles, I think, really well. And I think that's a key pillar. Um, anything to add on on how you incorporate patience into your process or stay in tune with when to be aggressive and when to be patient. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you know, like I early on I tried to always kind of like systemize things the best I could. But some but the problem with that is the market always does shift a bit, but I just I've really gotten to the point where if if we're at the start of a new trend, like you know, near fall through day or what, whatever tool you want to use, breakouts will work. Then after a month or two, again, you know, what's the exact definition? Like again, every cycle is different, but after a month or two, breakouts again, then they look good, they all fail, and then then pullbacks are where you want to want to like kind of shift. So, you just you want to have different tools. Even if you're a trend follower, you want different tools to time things. The trend's great, but you know, like like Jason always says that these stocks move 30% in a week, you better have like some kind of you better understand the game you're playing with. So, you know, timing is really critical when those are the kind of swings. So you you have abs and and you'll still get it wrong, but at least keep working towards kind of optimizing the best you can. So just like understand where you are in the cycle of things is just so critical. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Perfect. &gt;&gt; And I just want to say to what you guys were just saying, right? When I talk about positioning, you're talking about like, okay, so it's a bull market and it dips and then it goes back up and you should have bought it, but you didn't because you were scared &gt;&gt; and you should have because then it goes back up and then it dips and you should have bought it and you didn't because you were scared and then the market rips back up and it dips and you should have bought it but you didn't because you were scared and it rips back up then it dips and you say, "This time I'm going to buy." And that's the time it doesn't work. &gt;&gt; Well, it's positioning in real time. &gt;&gt; That's positioning. And it's and the point is it's not just you. Okay, &gt;&gt; this is one thing I think people have to get over. I know you love yourself and I know that and you should. Okay, but we are people and we all are human beings and we all suffer from the same exact issues. Okay, we all fit under that normal distribution curve. So, we all make those same mistakes and we all do them at the same time. And so, you know where that shows up is positioning. Okay? Because on that first dip that you should have bought, the positioning will show that nobody's long because you didn't get long that dip. I didn't get long. We didn't do it. So, the market rips. Second dip, it'll show people are probably selling the dip again, right? It rips. And then that one dip that they did buy, the positioning will show. Oh, everybody bought this dip. Okay. Well, then this is the one I'm not going to buy, right? Um, and this has actually been, as Matt knows, my my thesis for to answer what everybody wants to answer right now. When is this bubble going to end? And my thesis, which to this point has not been proven either right or wrong. Um, so I don't know what it's going to be, but my thesis has been I don't think that we're going to see massive longs on a rip higher because people have been calling it a bubble every time. So, they're not going to chase it. I think if we're going to see positioning show people get super long, it's going to have to be on a dip just like we just said. That will be they haven't bought any of these dips. It's never showed up on then all of a sudden somewhere in here I think there will be a dip that they all buy and then that will be the one that they shouldn't have bought. Is it this one? Is it I don't know. Does it end up being that way? I don't know. It would be much easier, trust me, for me if they ended up chasing, you know, at the top because then I could get great sell signals all the way up there. That would be great. And I hope that's what happens. It just kind of feels to me like it's not going to happen because, &gt;&gt; you know, there's one chase this thing. If they haven't chased it by now, in other words, like what's going to make you chase it now? You know, like if you've missed, what are you going to do? You're going to come in and say, "Oh, this AI thing actually is real." I mean, if you haven't come to that conclusion yet, then I don't know when you're coming to that conclusion, right? I've been saying like with the show on I think that this last move up from early April, late March, early April was that was the people who were doubting AI actually coming in and saying, you know, something this thing is real. And that's why you start hearing, oh, we're in the second or third inning. You know, now all of a sudden they're justifying the fact that they missed this entire 700% run on these stocks that we're only in the second and third inning. So, we can get that. So, is this going to be the dip they buy? Again, I don't know. I'm not here to forecast what's going to happen. That's why I have data. But my point being that positioning data helps to determine exactly the things you're saying, right? Um and and and the second thing I would say is with all that and then I just came to my mind here as you guys were talking about this this whole idea of when to add, when to reduce, when to do this, when to do that. The the the problem with that a lot of times is you added this time it worked. Does that mean it was the right thing to do? You know what I mean? And by the right thing to do I mean over time you know what was the the thought process that made you do that because what happens then you do the same thing next time for the same reason it doesn't work right. How do you determine what is the right decision makingaking process? And I don't know the answer, but I I think that it's an important question, right? Um I think that it traps us a lot of times into believing that we are doing the right thing when maybe it was just luck. I always go back to the coin flip thing. You know, if I say it's coming out heads and it comes out heads, does that mean that I got it right or does it just mean it was a 50-50 bet to begin with? you know, and I would of course argue that it's a 50-50 bet to begin with. You also, the other coin flip thing I like is if you get, you know, a thousand people to flip a coin, you're going to have 500 to flip heads, they flip again, and now you got 250 that did it twice, 125, three times, and so on down the line, and eventually you're going to have one guy that flipped heads 10 times in a row. Does that make him the greatest heads flipper that ever lived? And he can go write a book about how to flip heads every time. And he can start a Twitter feed about, you know, follow me and I can teach you how to flip heads all the time, you know, and he can be in coin flip market wizards because he flipped 10 heads in a row, which is theoretically impos. No, it means somebody was going to do that and he happened to be the lucky person to do that, right? So if you think about it in terms like that, I think the only answer is less is more. You know, the less moving parts you have and the less stuff to fool your mind into thinking that what you are doing is the great thing, the better off you are is my view on that. &gt;&gt; You know, there's two things I want to touch on there, Jason. There's one there's one of your quotes we we had on the podcast a couple of months ago. I wrote it down. I don't want to throw too many accolades your way. I'm joking. &gt;&gt; But one one of my one of my favorite lines that Jason said that really kind of put in my mind, everyone everyone says, you know, price tops when fundamentals are fully discounted in price. And Jason says, "No, it's when it's fully discounted in positioning." And I thought like, "Wow, that was such a banger. That is so accurate. It's not like because you know when is when when is it that fundamentals are fully valued?" Like, you know, I'd argue a lot of people understand EI trade. It's when the bulk is too crowded and it's represented in position positioning that the problem shows up. So, I thought that was really cool. And also to touch on like the other thing you're talking about, you know, saying that you don't have the answers. I I find trading is a really interesting business because I find the the more I go on and the more I trade even if I'm doing well the harder I realize the business is you know when you're starting out it's like like you know Jason oh yeah cut your losers ride your winners simple then after you okay well how long do I ride my winners and what how many losses in a row is now a problem and then you know is did the first time well did I do it because I was right and so even simple things over time you realize wow that that super simple thing I thought was just like an easy part of the the process you're going to hit an environment where it's totally going to work against you. So, and I think this is why most successful investors over time their systems actually get simpler and simpler versus more and more complex because you want less variables to be playing with every time you have to make a decision. If you have a, you know, like when you people start off, they'll go to a chat GPT or whatever systems test and have like 40 entry rules and like how much of that is curfeit? How much of is is that rule in real time going to change? Did it break? And it's way too much. like you want to keep this as simple so you understand your tools and you understand when not to use your tool and that only comes from having like a simpler strategy but again it's it's like Einstein says you know you want everything to be as simple as possible and no simpler and that takes some time to do but I think that's the goal everyone usually work towards &gt;&gt; yeah so they they're people early on they're trying to optimize they're trying to find this secret sauce when in reality it's keeping it uh as robust the the most robust system has the the least you know dials to turn and all that. Is that what you're talking about? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. And also you have to dial the if you are going to optimize I would say instead of optimizing the system optimize like in terms of signals optimize it for you. So many people try and learn a system and it's it's too risk uh it's too it's too risky it's too volatile they can't handle it and so they're going to fail because they can't handle other people it doesn't give them the type of returns they get fed up they'll go somewhere else. So you got to the parts you should be dialing in once the system is robust and you feel somewhat you know happy with it instead of always trying to get like the perfect moving average or the perfect entry technique or what make it the right size for you. So you know if you go through a really bad period you see like wow that was way more than I could handle that then you say oh I should dial back my risk or if there's an uptrend and say like I made way less than I should have because I was scared to buy. Okay next time force yourself to dial up your risk. That's I feel that you get more value dialing in your own personality versus always kind of tinkering more and more with more indicators and more tools. &gt;&gt; Yeah, I was some guy on Twitter the the other day. Um &gt;&gt; I um as I'm sure you guys know, &gt;&gt; I sometimes will will put things on Twitter and this is something that we talk about a lot on my Discord as well, but there's a certain person who's a CNBC personality who I think is one of the if not the greatest fate there is. Right. Um, and so I will comment on when he's making different moves and it's not a personal thing, right? I just think he exhibits the personality traits of somebody who is doing it wrong and a and b it is proven. We have kept records of the traits that he makes for years and he has been very very bad. Um, so I put something on Twitter the other day saying, "Oh, this guy did this, so you know, everybody should watch out for that." And some guy came back at me pretty hard saying, you know, this is stupid. Like, I don't know why you put this on here. Like, I'm a hedge fund manager and it's not as simple as just going opposite people. You know, the market is a lot more complicated than that. And I was like, "Yeah, making the easy money sucks. You know, let's make it complicated and make some hard money." Like, you know what I mean? Keep it simple. If I knew a guy that absolutely lost 100% of his trades, why would I need anything else ever? You know what I mean? To stroke my ego. Oh. to to to to justify the fact that I spent, you know, how much money going to an Ivy League college and an Ivy League MBA program and all that knowledge and money was spent so that I could get this incredible knowledge of the difficulty of of all that stuff. I guess if that's what you want to do. But do you want to make money or do you want to prove you're smart? You know, I if you know, if there was something that told me, like I said, if there was one person who I knew 100% of the time, got things wrong, you know, and I could just take the opposite of that all day every day and make money all day every day, why would I care about anything else? &gt;&gt; So, like we say, &gt;&gt; it's like they say, the market the market will always give you what you want to get out of it. If you want to gamble, it'll be a casino. If you want to build a business, it could be a business. If you want excitement, it'll make it exciting. You know, so you get out of it really what you want. So &gt;&gt; yeah, that's right. And if you I say that all the time, too. If what you want to get out of it is is actually making money. And you everybody say, "Well, what do I want to get? I want to make money." Yes, that's what you say. I get it. But you really have to, you know, you really have to dig deep and be honest with yourself. What is it that you're doing, right? Because when we go to the casino, I think almost all of us know that we're walking away with less money than we walked in with. There's a chance that we don't obviously otherwise we would never go. But we know that mathematically we lose money in the casino. The casino makes money. That's why they have big beautiful hotels and all this stuff, right? Right? And they can give away food and drinks and all that because because they make a ton of money because the odds are in their favor. It's pretty simple, right? We're flipping a coin in there. They're getting paid 52. We're getting paid 48. Over time, we're going to lose. Yet, we still go. Why? Because there's some excitement to it. There's some entertainment to it, you know. &gt;&gt; Um, and there's hope. &gt;&gt; Huh. Yeah. You know, it's exciting. You know what I mean? you're waiting for that card to flip and you're waiting for those dice to roll and you're with the people and you're getting free drinks and you're having fun and it's fun entertainment. It can be fun. Um, so it's the same thing in the market. Is that what you're in the markets for? The markets are very exciting. They're open every day. They're up, they're down, they're bullish, they're bearish, the news, the tweets, the this, the that. It's very excit can be very exciting. And if that's what you're in it for, then just know that and that's fine. I'm not judging, you know, as a this is my business, you know, um I can't be in this for the excitement because it's not exciting for me to be broke, right? I've been there. There's nothing exciting about it, okay? There's nothing exciting about me losing money for clients, all right? And them calling me up telling me, "I trusted you and you suck and you know all that." And there's nothing exciting about that, right? So, these are the things that end up helping you develop the discipline. You really have to focus on what is it I'm trying to get here? Is it for fun to break up my boring life? Okay, fine. I do things. Look, you see my guitar is hanging back there. I always say I I play guitar to break up my boring life, to have a hobby, to do something that I think is fun and exciting. It cost me money. I had to pay for that guitar. I got to pay for my guitar teachers. You know what I mean? like I ain't getting paid to do that. My hobbies cost me money. If it's a hobby, just realize that it's a hobby and that's fine. And then set your expectations as such. If you are intent on actually having this something that is going to make you money, then you've really got to develop the these disciplines that that that we're talking about. Otherwise, it just ain't going to happen. The number of people that are successful doing this is in the low single digits. Get it. Believe it. Live that. understand that because that's a fact. The low single digits is how many percentage of people are going to be successful doing this, right? &gt;&gt; And I and I'd say guys who are successful, &gt;&gt; think about what that takes. You know, &gt;&gt; I'd say guys who are successful like like you and I like you know, we've shared battle stories, you know, it's like we've shaped our life around it. It wasn't a hobby and and even then it's a very hard journey. It's not easy like like beating the market is not an easy thing. So, you better approach it with I think the respect it deserves. &gt;&gt; No. And and that's fine. You know what I mean? It can still be fun. It can still be exciting. It can still be a form of entertainment. It can still just like going to the casino. Hey, every once in a while, you know, hit that number and get that pay and, you know, go out that night and party and all that. It can still be all that if that's what you want it to be, but just realize that that's what it is for you, you know. Um and and and therefore, like I say, your expectations &gt;&gt; are set. But just understand what what I think it means that two to 3% of people do this. you know, put most of your money into index funds at that point and and take the 5% and have fun with it if that's what you want to do, right? Um, that's great, but otherwise, you know, you got to know how how difficult over time it is. And yes, people are making money. Look, from April, early April until, you know, recently in this market, man, these things took off, right? You're a genius. You know, it's that saying, everyone's a genius in a bull market. Just realize that this is an overtime thing. And just because I hit the blackjack table today and I w I've walked out of the casino before with money from the blackjack table. I've walked out of the casino before with money from the craps table. We went on a heater and all that stuff, right? But do I think that over time I'm going to go to the casino every day and I'm going to walk out with more money than I walked in with? is I know for a fact there's zero chance despite the fact there are times that I do. So you got to remember that you got you're not a hero. Okay? &gt;&gt; You you have to stay humble more than anything else, right? And you're not going to make this is another subject, but you are not going to make money in this game. I promise you. And you're not going to listen. I know no one's going to listen to me, and that's fine. I'm going to say it anyway. You are not going to make money in this game by being a better predictor of the future than everybody else. You're never going to do it. Okay? You're going to do it through these other things, right? Like that people talk about what we're talking about patience, right? You can be better than everybody else at being patient. You can be better than everybody else at being disciplined. Okay? Those are the things that are going to put you in that 2, three% of the winners. Not I predict the future better than everybody else. It's not going to happen, man. Nobody does it. Okay? We all, like I said, we all predict the future once in a while and get it right. But did we get it right or did we just make a guess that just actually happened to happen? You know, that's why I go back to that flipping the coin thing, right? Don't kid yourself because that's what your mind will do. You will remember the times you got things right. You will forget the times that you got things wrong. And over time, the sin of it all is you will lose money and that sucks. Okay. So, I think those are the important things to think about. And speaking of prediction, Matt, I think you wanted to talk a little bit about looking at a chart versus actually trading. Is that kind of what you were getting at about it's not really predicting. It's about, you know, you got to trade what you're given with. That's just a way to get an idea and then it's about managing the idea properly. &gt;&gt; Yeah. you know, I I even though like like I have my CMT and I'll talk technical analysis people and stuff, you know, but like I I've see I see a lot of analysts from all disciplines, fundamentals or whatever it is and and like oh this is this is what I think is going on like trading through something and and you need those skills like you need to know like you know I know coot dates I need to know what volume is how that works patterns you know a lot of that you know really most of everything you're doing is to figure out of the thousands of stocks that you have how do I bring it down to like 15 or 20 that I actually want to trade and then if I buy this asset or this stock, where do I know I'm wrong? You know, so part part of it you can do with charts, you can do it with fundamentals. But the problem is, you know, um most people really like uh a confident answer, you know, uh like I was on Fox Business yesterday with, you know, and my views, but you know, like most people want to see like, you know, oh Matt, you were wrong. Maybe I was wrong, maybe I was right, but if I'm wrong, I'm going to be selling early. But see like the way most people when they come to the market is like they have a view and then after they they wait for the market just to prove that they're right. So like the like everything you're going to use a chart whatever data you're going to use. It's great, but the process of trading with that information is vastly different if you want to do it successfully because you have to you it's it's that old saying, you know, you have to have very strong opinions, weekly held, you know, it it always comes down to that, you know. So, you know, so looking at the chart um is just part of it and and understanding what that is like to live with and to trade through is then a whole other feature with which again takes experience. But knowing going into it that the chart has limited I see all even if you call zero predicted value doesn't mean it has no value because if you can figure out quickly where you're wrong that's great if I know if I'm buying above this this this price point I have either a chance of a 20% rally or a 5% loss at 50/50 if that that's still zero predictive value but I'll make money over time. So, but just knowing what your process is and where you're wrong, I think is great. And that's the difference between being like an analyst and being a trader. And if people trying to make money, you need to be like a trader, you know. And I think there's a very important point there as well to people that are listening here. A very difficult point as human beings for us to get to, but one that I have noticed. People want to hear people come on TV, on Twitter, wherever it is, on YouTube, and tell them what's going to happen. That's who they listen to, right? And that's exactly the wrong thing to do. &gt;&gt; Yeah. The people to listen to are the ones who say, "I have no idea what's going to happen." Because that's the only truth. Okay. The rest is all salesmanship, right? &gt;&gt; It doesn't mean you don't know what you're doing, but the truth is you don't know exactly what's going to happen. It's being able to react to those things. &gt;&gt; It actually does mean you know what you're doing, I think. If you could make that, those are the honest people. You know, we're all trying to figure out who's honest, who's a scammer. Okay, my first thing is people who come on there with these strong opinions. This is what's going to happen. Automatically, they're gone. In my view, you know, um it's about riskreward and odds, not about me or or anybody knowing what's going to happen. And people that are and again, I can get on there and make a YouTube video. I'm going to flip heads and I flip heads. See, I told you I was gonna flip heads. Did I Did I do anything? You know what I mean? And it's the same thing. Look at it as the same thing. The market is going to go up this week and then the market goes up this week. Oh, this guy's a guru. I'm going to listen to him all the time. Wrong. You know, wrong. Okay. &gt;&gt; Well, you know, but like I would argue that a lot of people come to the market and we're all trained in school growing up, right? And you know, you're rewarded in school to be right. That's the only thing at the test. If you got the answers right, that's all that matters. It doesn't mean it doesn't matter if you had a fallback plan or anything else that you get the answer right. So I I think it's just I've been doing this for so long like since I was a teenager so it's I reprogrammed my brain but most people come to the market one they hate being wrong and they actually just think that their job is to be right all the time. And I don't blame them. That's that's the natural human way and it's how we're we're all trained for for many years. You go 15 years you go to school and whatever 15 20 years every year is the same thing. every class. Do you have the right answer? And in the market, that doesn't matter. You could be wrong. You could be wrong nine times in a row, be right once, but catch a SanDisk at 40 and take it to 2,000 and you made a boatload of money. You know what I mean? But if I told you, you know, Rich, I have the best system ever, but you can be wrong 90% of the time and say, "Wait, it's a horrible system, but not for the guy who bought sand. It's going to win up, you know, 33,000%." So, it's just it's there's all these these sound like small things or they may even sound obvious when people hear them, but you'd be amazed at how many of these like subconscious issues you have or I don't call it an issue that you have, but these biases and and that totally will undermine everything else you're trying to do and ruin your process without you even realizing that you're doing it. And I think that gets right back into why such a small percentage of people are successful doing this because like Matt says, the things that we have been taught in life are the things that we're going to do and those are the things that that don't aren't going to work in the market. So therefore, it's only like the small percentage of people that can see that I have to do things differently in this game in order to be successful. not the things that got me A's in school are not the things that got me successful in other ways, right? Those are the things we've been taught to do and taught to measure. With this, you're you're you're playing an unknown future. Okay? So, the thinking has to be different. It's about odds, not about facts. If I sit here and study my math and study it and study it and study it and and get the math right, well, then when I go to the test, I will get an A on the test. That's not how this works because math is known. All right. The the future is unknown. &gt;&gt; So you have about it differently to be a small percentage of the people are willing to accept that you have to think about it differently and are willing to take the ta the the the task how to think about it differently and that's why only a small percentage of the people succeed in this quite frankly. Sorry. Go ahead Matt. &gt;&gt; No I'd say like you know think about like the process you have to go through to be successful is like one you have to learn a system. You probably have to read about many systems to find that one the one that works for you. You have to work through it. You have to risk your money to see if you're wrong. And then you're absolutely going to have to learn all of your personal failures only through failing in the market and then still have the perseverance to want to go back and fix yourself. And you have to do all of this while you're living your life. You know, like I always say, if people want to trade for a living, there's only there's only two ways you can do it. One, be very young and ideally get someone to back you or be retired and you're financially independent. If you're going to like quit your job at 40 while you have a wife and three kids and you're going to start this, I I'd say almost zero zero% chance of succeeding because the path is just way too difficult because you have to do all those you have to do all of these things to get it right and succeed over time. So if you're younger, you have the pathway and some backing and so hopefully some toutelage. If you're older, the money pressure at least is gone. So so the life pressures are less. But that's why only because apply that to any other uh first of all even if you look at entrepreneurship what is it 90 plus% of businesses fail and that's just general businesses. I'd argue the mark's harder. The upside's bigger but the market's harder. So uh that's why I take people say how long is it going to take? Well, how long does it take you to go to fail? Figure out what you did wrong and fix yourself so you don't do it again. That's that's your answer. For some people they're stubborn. Some people they're malleable and and some are more dedicated than others. But that's why most people will join at the end of a bull market, leave in the middle of a bare market, then miss the start of the new bull market and then and the market just has you all training. It's all part of psychology. These are all the and this is why it's not because in the end it's some kind of black art and news failure is a concept that no one ever has spoken about before in history but it's incorporating into a system that you understand that's simple and that that works with your psychology and you've trained yourself to kind of work with and and that's and that to me is what really separates someone who's successful and the many who try and then don't. &gt;&gt; It's a great line. The upside is bigger but the business is harder. Mhm. &gt;&gt; I don't think that the word but should be in there. &gt;&gt; The upside [clears throat] is bigger because the business is harder. Like this is what &gt;&gt; this is what life is. We know that, right? Who makes a why do hedge fund managers make billions of dollars, &gt;&gt; right? Because one out of a very very large number makes that money and those are the ones we hear about. We don't hear about the other million who have failed, right? It's incredibly difficult to do it, right? Why do why does an NBA player make so much money? Because there's only a small amount of people that can be NBA players, right? Why does somebody who works, you know, parking cars for a living does not make that much money? Well, because it doesn't take very much to become a car parker. All you need to do is get a driver's license, right? That's pretty obvious, simple economics, right? So, think about that. The fact that these hedge fund managers make so much money proves what Matt is saying. It's because it's so difficult to do, right? Another more proof that how difficult it is to do this, you know. Um again, something something to think about. The whole thing about the doing it for a living thing um is also I think totally spot on. This is why Jason and I even though we have very different approaches we just started chatting there's like a a common understanding of the journey and the path that will it doesn't matter the system you know I just happen to like what I do and he likes to have but the common underpinnings and if you if you know you're around enough professional traders who are successful you I I I don't know if I can point to a successful trader who was incredibly arrogant I'm sure there's some walking around but most really get humbled over time and anyways that's just the way the path &gt;&gt; yeah and I do want to get to how you guys differ in just a second, but to because I think that's that's valuable too in and of itself. Um, but first to get a little bit more tactical and this is right along the lines of what you guys were saying about this is a a game a discipline where we're we're trading an unknown future. Um, how do you guys address that? Um, with regards to position sizing and risk management and maybe just talk in guidelines because obviously there's there's traders watching this of different styles, but uh Jason to maybe start with you. How do you guys how do you deal with that unknown future through proper positions sizing and risk management? It's all a function of my process and my system. It all works together. Why am I getting in tells me why am I getting stopped, right? Or why am I taking profit? They all answer the same question. And within that is so therefore how am I sizing the position? Right? So I'm getting in. Why? Because the mark everybody's super short and the market is no longer going down on bad news. Okay? Because here's my news failure day. That's why I'm getting in. Okay. Well, then where am I getting out? Well, if it takes out the low of that news failure day, then my news failure day did not work. Just like if I'm trading a head and shoulders and it doesn't goes back through, then the head and shoulders didn't work, right? Um or if I'm trading a breakout of a moving average, if it goes back down below the moving average, then the moving average didn't work. Okay? So, I know why I'm getting in and therefore I know where I'm wrong based on how and therefore that's how I size. I know how much I want to risk per trade. I know where I'm getting in. I know where I'm getting stopped. So, I know how to size. That's it. I don't add, I don't reduce. I just put on my size and then the trade either works, I get to my exit, I get out, or I get stopped, I get stopped. That's it. &gt;&gt; Less dials you have to push once you're in the trade. &gt;&gt; Less I don't want to get into it. And people say it to me all the time. Why don't you add when it starts working? Why don't you &gt;&gt; less dials, man? You know what I mean? And you know my my real answer for all these questions that people ask is because what I've done has worked for me for 25 years. So why am I going to change it? I mean you know that's the real answer. Could it be better? Could I go and back test? And I have done that and we have tested all these things and they have shown that they don't help. So that's the second part of the answer why I don't do that. &gt;&gt; But the real part of the answer is exactly what you said. Less dials, keep it simple. You know that's going to do nothing but mess with my head. So now I'm adding the risk. So now it goes a little bit against me and I get out and then it goes back up and I get back in and chase it and you know what I mean? Suddenly a winning trade becomes a losing trade, right? It's hard enough as it is just to get a winning trade. I don't want to mess it up by doing that. It's all about this is why I got in. I'm putting the trade on. I'm putting it on. I'm sizing it so that I know what my loss is if I get it wrong and I'm out. That's that's how I do it. &gt;&gt; Yep. Matt, &gt;&gt; Rich, can you just remind me the question again? &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, um how you think about sizing and risk management? Um and obviously you guys have different styles. Um yeah. So, kind of how you think about you've got a great setup. How do you think about how much you're going to allocate to that initial setup and also how you manage your risk if it if it turns against you? &gt;&gt; So, similar to Jason, like you know, I have just a different a process. My process is one I I want to follow the leader find the leader of that cycle. Unlike Jason, I do like to build into it because at the start of a new cycle, a lot of stocks will show relative strength. Some will be the key leaders. Some maybe it's a little bit of like a you know a leftover of a stock that was just getting some you know safety buying or whatnot. So I will but you know so everything I do though is trying to kind of how do I filter down to that process and I I'll add in the strength but I want to make sure that if I'm starting early or if I'm in a very choppy period I don't get cut to shreds. So my sizing is actually always consistent. I always have a similar size of my portfolio that I'll put in the stock. And um you know the real key of what I do is is there's two things you want to do. You want to figure out when you're in an uptrend and you want to be in the leader. But &gt;&gt; you know stock markets up trend maybe a third of the time. So twothirds of the time is not a very good time to be probably running the system. So knowing when is a big part of that and so you know the the position sizing is important but I have so many other things that I have to kind of dial in to figure out. Getting position sizing wrong is what will blow you out you know. So if if you're just too heavy and it goes so like that is something I I like I want to defer away like a worst case scenario to something else. If the stock is working I can add to it. I can build into it. If I'm wrong and it's a really bad time, either I'm being chopped up or the market just falls out from beneath me, I don't want to have excessive size. So I people always ask me too, why don't you size it to the, you know, to to how big the risk is to the low of the bar. And the reason for that is, you know, I was a market maker and I was trading all these gold stocks for years and a lot of the stuff you was, you know, this is again where you want to know your strategy because a lot of these stocks, they'll have a very like a powerful day. And I remember early on I'd be like, "Oh wow, the stock's breaking out." So I'd buy a whole bunch more than usual. And guess what? financing after the close. Clearly the book the book runners like raised it up so they can offer it at the same price it was yesterday but make it seem like a discount. But on that gap down because you went really big while this 10% drop is like oh I just like had 40% of my account all at once and I'm down 10% off 40%. It's a big drag. So like that's happened enough times that like you know there's also subtleties beneath the surface where the risk is fine. If I'm right that it's the leader. If I'm right it's the trend they the trend usually lasts three to five months. I'll get more than this this one entry. And so I I try and keep my sizing simple and just try and answer those other questions first. &gt;&gt; And sizing affects your head, too. I was talking with Jim Roel about this, like &gt;&gt; to to truly handle it with his rules. He can't be too too oversized in it. He has to he has to size at at a level where it makes a difference if it works and moves the needle, but not too much that it can dramatically hurt him if it if it goes against him and pulls down. The way I think about it, like I always tell people, you want to be on the knife's edge where if if you have any more, you can't sleep at night. That's too much after. And if you have any less, you're probably not going to be focused or you won't care as much. Like like and that that dial is different for everybody. What it is for me is different for somebody else. And also like, you know, you have to realize some people it's more hurtful to take a loss. For some people it's more hurtful to have I had this great idea that turned into a big winner and and I was undersized. So like you know you always like for me I've always been someone where like you know I always try and catch that leader with the right am if I'm if I have like a small position it takes off it's I'm kicking myself more than if I just take a have a bad opening one session you know I'm okay I'm a little numb to that but uh again but yeah getting the size right will totally affect your psychology goes back to what we said before you you'll do more good for yourself by getting the dials of you then trying to say oh should I use the 9 EMA or is it the 10 or should I wait for a 14 RSI versus a nine That's not going to make you successful over time in my opin. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; There there is no We were talking about this I think the other day. There is no &gt;&gt; answer. &gt;&gt; There is no perfect system. There is no solving the market. Okay. It's the you have to solve yourself, right? You know &gt;&gt; that that's really the game. And &gt;&gt; this whole sizing discussion points to that, right? You can get the market right but the sizing wrong and that screws you up. That's you, right? This whole thing of you have to have enough on but not too much on. That's you. This whole greed thing, right? The reason you have too much on is because you're getting greedy on this trade. One trade should not make a difference. I know you want it to, but it shouldn't. This is an overtime thing. And the only way you're going to get to overtime is by not overleveraging. I am guilty of underleveraging personally. Um I I will admit it. My my clients tell me all the time, I'm too small. Well, I'm sorry. That's how I am. It's fortunate for them that I'm a futures trader. They only have to put up margins. So, if they want to lever me up, they can lever me up. Okay. But this is how I do it just because that's how I am. I'm I'm a I'm a futures trader that is riskaverse. Okay. Um other people, like Matt was saying, you have to dial that based on where you are, where your mind is, where you are in life, where you are financially, where what your goal is with all this, you know. Is it for fun? Is it for this? Is it for is it your lottery ticket? you know, um, all that. But that's all these things that that that are in your head. This has nothing to do with is it telling me that the mark is something telling me that the market's either going to go up or down? Um, this is all the stuff that's in your head. &gt;&gt; Like, and you know, and I would say what, you know, another reason why it's so few people succeed is because no one wants to hear this car. I'll bet you this is not going to be the blockbuster clip of your your conference. someone who says I have the new system for trading the QQQ that's like super effective and avoids the draw downs but I get five times the upside that'll be the most success successful clip look at books every book is how to buy stocks like what books do you know that discuss this because number one there's no perfect answer for everyone so it's difficult so everyone just learns like how do I buy how do I buy and when that doesn't work okay they try and figure out some books on when to sell there's even fewer of those and and if you just go to portfolio management books it's like boring dry stuff that's more for institutional investors that's like a you know PM not really for what we do. So you could see it in the book market like they the skills that people need aren't there but they're not there not because they don't want to teach people but because the the book sellers know that that book won't sell because no one wants to learn that in the first place. It's not fun. So that's just the answer is right there. &gt;&gt; And that's true about not just trading and trading books. It's true with everything. No, nobody wants to hear the real answers. Everybody wants to hear the simple answers. You know like you go through anything exercise, right? Everybody wants I want to lose weight. Well, I I you know, everybody wants to just put a shot in like now, right? They don't want to hear, well, change the way you eat, change the way you exercise. That's boring. You know what I mean? I don't want to deal with that. I just want to get skinny. Okay? Give me a shot for crying out loud. I'm telling you right now, I ain't no doctor. All right? I'm no chemist. I'm telling you right now, in 20 years, these GLP shots, there's going to be side effects that nobody thought of. All right? That nobody came out with. I'm telling you right now, the shortcuts always have side effects. All right? And in our business, the side effects are losing money. All right? Do things the right way, man. This is a life thing. And &gt;&gt; Jason, what's that quote you told me? You get rich by selling things or people want that don't need. &gt;&gt; Somebody gave me that on one of the interviews I did. It was like, you get rich by telling lies to people who want to be lied. &gt;&gt; That's it, too. &gt;&gt; That's it. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Yeah. It's much easier to sell a book, how I made a million dollars, than it is on how to be disciplined so that over time you can make like I'm already falling asleep here. &gt;&gt; How to lose small ones, right? &gt;&gt; Eli Liy is doing pretty well with their trillion dollar valuation. So like their injections, right? I mean, because it &gt;&gt; I'm I'm a 24y old kid. The last thing I want to hear is this gray bearded dude telling me that, you know, to to build wealth slowly, you know? I mean, who who wants to hear that? But by the time you get to be a gray bearded dude, you look back and you say, "Damn, I should have listened to that guy." Right? I know I I I do that. You know, when I was 24 years old, I was swinging it around driving my Porsche. Then six months later, I had the sale. You know, I went through it. I know it. I'm like I say, &gt;&gt; all went through it. &gt;&gt; No different than anybody else. You know, we're all the same. So, I get it. But &gt;&gt; I can only say what I've learned. And you could people can either take it or or leave it, you know? All right, we've we've agreed too much. I think we got to disagree now. So, um, what what do you what's uh what's a topic or a concept that you guys have found in your podcast that you you do have different views about and maybe it's just different approaches about how you address it, but uh does something come to mind and maybe Jason will start with you. Is there something you kind of uh disagree uh with on Matt uh with Matt on that comes to mind? &gt;&gt; He's trying to break us up. Jason, &gt;&gt; I don't know how I find a lot of disagreements from the big picture point of view. Right. Right. &gt;&gt; We disagree because we trade differently. Right. So, like we just talked about his sizing. The way he sizes is different than the way I size. But that's because the way I size is a function a of me &gt;&gt; and b my process or I would say a my process &gt;&gt; which is then a function of me. Whereas the way he sizes is a function of his process. Right? Like I was saying, one is the other. How I get out is based on what my process says on how I get in. How I size is based on that. And it's the same thing that he So I agree in principle with the how he's coming to that conclusion. But his conclusion is different than the conclusion I come to. &gt;&gt; Fair enough. You know, &gt;&gt; I I think this uptrend is perfect as an example where we I don't want to say necessarily just disagree, but where we're at odds in a certain cases, you know, about a month it was three four weeks ago, you know, after we were talking about all this AI stuff. But Jason's like, "Oh man, I'm way underexposed and like these things in my I should have had more." And then like just a a couple days ago, I was talking to Jason. I was like, "Man, Jason, when you had that MU news failure you spoke about like peak day, I should have cut back like a lot more. I had too much." And and it's just again, it just goes back to the system, right? We were saying that's when we first started talking like a combination of these two ideas would be like an optimal way to trade everything. But again, it's we have our own process. It's hard. So it's not so much like I think any two traders will agree that if you if you read the Barker Wizard series all the traders have the same core principles all vastly different strategy. No one is saying like keep averaging down until you finally get to the low. Like no one no one's taking that angle. Everyone has a risk management, you know, cut your losses. Like that's the consistent type of stuff. Some will do it differently, but I think that's like a good example of how in real time know we could both make money over a couple of months, but like oh man, you know, Jason, like he said, I should have had more and because I'm a little more aggressive and then after on this past week I'm saying, oh why the like I I backed off. Why didn't I back off like way more than I did when I saw like even subtle signs? I should have I should have been more at it. And I think that's like a perfect example, you know. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Perfect. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, I don't think it's more about it's not so much disagreement, it's just different methods, but that that's what I kind of truthfully. This has all been new to me, okay, since I became this like public figure on YouTube and all this stuff. I never really spoke with people about this stuff. I did my thing and I I lived my life. So, it's all been very new and very interesting to me and it's kind of why I liked getting together with Matt because it's very interesting to me that this whole thing of hey, totally different ideas, totally different processes, but at the core of it, it's the same. And that's why I was saying before, it's not just trading. It's everything. There's no difference to success in trading and success in life. I I I was speaking to this doctor yesterday who was asking me about, you know, what I'm doing about my health and I I I went into this whole thing because just recently I changed the way I do everything and I changed the way that I'm eating and I've had to become ridiculous about it, right? In order to do it. And she's like, you know, it's a little over the top. I was like, okay, but this is what I've learned. You know, for me to be successful in something, I have to be extremely disciplined. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; To get there. All right. As a trader, that's what finally got me to a place where I was successful as a trader was I had to become extremely disciplined to what I'm doing. So now I'm going from being a sugar addict, okay, a very unhealthy person and I'm trying to become a healthy person. So therefore, I'm becoming extremely disciplined about doing that because that's the only way I know how to do it. All right? That's what's worked. So like I say, it's the same thing for everything in life. How you how are you going to succeed in trading? How do you succeed in anything else? Find something that you have succeeded in in life and see why that is. How you have you succeeded in your marriage? Great. How? Wasn't because you were lucky. It was because you worked at it, man. You know what I mean? I've been married on the bad side and now on the good side. And yes, there has to be some compatibility there, just like you have to be compatible with your trading system. But within that, there's still going to be some volatility and there's still going to be some bumps in the roads and you're going to have to get through those. Okay. &gt;&gt; That's Jason at at marriage counseling. There's been some volatility in our marriage. [laughter] &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, I'm just saying like you have to get through that and and you have to have a process for getting through that and you have to be open and you have to be honest. It's the same thing with trading. What else have you been successful in? I was successful as a baseball player. Okay, how you know, think about that. Those are the things that didn't get. You weren't born a great baseball player. You might have been born a a good athlete, but you still had to work on your baseball. It's the same exact thing. There's no difference. Buying something that you've been successful in or that somebody else has been successful in and apply those same principles to approaching trading. You're not just going to walk into this and start swinging the bat and start hitting home runs. Okay? I promise you. Well, you know, that's a perfect Pete Rose is one of the all time well, I think he's the all-time hit leader for the MLB. He he popularized the the concept of going to look at the tapes and figure out exactly where the more the most likely place that the ball would come down, you know, for the different batter, different pitchers. And that's how I mean, you had to be obsessive about it. I was actually talking to my brother-in-law recently about, you know, A-Rod with Yankees about how he was so obsessive. It's like after every game, he'd go home and he'd rewatch the game two times. That's not a normal thing to do. But then I can't hit homers like A-Rod. At least I don't think I can. But uh it's just it carries over through everything. &gt;&gt; I agree, Jason. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's all it's it's all just because people get this thing that it's so accessible for them. &gt;&gt; It's so easy to open an account. You can't just walk into a major league ballpark and see if you're going to be a home run hitter, right? &gt;&gt; But you can open up an account in five minutes. And I am a professional trader. you can do exactly what I'm doing within five minutes. Okay? So, just because it's so easily accessible does not mean that it's easily mastered. All right? And I think people confuse those two things because it's so easy to get into the game that it can be easy to do. Well, no. &gt;&gt; Excellent. And um just because I can see people uh asking this question in their heads already and just to clarify um we've mentioned news failures a few times uh so far um Jason would you mind uh just giving a general definition of that maybe some recent examples like we talked about the MU earnings um and then Matt I'd love to hear kind of how you've taken that concept a little bit because it's not it's not classic can slim right but it's part of learning different styles and I know throughout your career you know you've learned how market market makers um act you and that translates to how you approach um a stock going into a pivot you might you know you're you're recognizant you're you're observant of that um so yeah Jason would you mind kind of explaining that concept for everybody so let's start with this Matt said earlier you want to figure out when you're in an uptrend or a downtrend right I like to look at it as are you in a bull market or a bare market and clearly you want to be long bull markets and short bare markets okay obvious way that I see What is a bull market? And it's not the way I see it. This was stated by people in the market wizards books. You hear it all the time. But what is a bull market? A bull market is one that goes up a lot on good news and does not go down very much on bad news, fights off bad news. That's a bull market. Okay. So, I am trying to catch market turns. So, it's going from a bare market to a bull market. So, what am I looking for? I'm looking for a market that no longer goes down on bad news. If a bare market is going to go down a lot on bad news, all right. Well, now bad news comes out. And not only doesn't it go down a lot, it goes up. Why does it go up? Didn't everybody see the news? Of course they saw the news. We got the whole world watching all these news things every day, right? Um it's because in my view, everybody's already short. is combination of those two things, right? &gt;&gt; Um, so we're now switching from bare phase to bullphase, not definitely, but we're getting a sign that the odds could be that we are now switching. Therefore, the riskreward of the trade changes, right? So, what's an example? I think the best example that I can remember recently was the low of the 2022 bare market. You have to pay attention to what was the narrative. What was the narrative that was driving what the market was doing? 2022, the market started going down because the Fed was raising rates. The Fed was raising rates because inflation was going higher. That was the story. Every time an inflation number came out, the market would go down. Every time the Fed would raise rates again, the market would go down. That was what was going on. You have to be able to figure that out, which is not very hard to figure out. If I could do it, you could do it. Okay. Um, but that's what was going on. So, what happened in October of 2022, we had a CPI number come out that was not only higher than what was expected, it was also the highest CPI number all the way up until that point. So if the narrative was higher inflation leading to higher rates leading to lower stock market then clearly a higher than expected number should have been very bearish for the stock market and it was. The market opened down it went down a lot. By the close of that day the market closed up. This was the driving narrative of why the market was going down. It could no longer make the market go down anymore. That was the exact bottom day of the stock market. Okay, that is news failure. And people come to me all the time. Is this news failure? Because this is a danger. Again, getting back to the psychology and the discipline. Now, all of a sudden, you're trying to force news failure. Is this news failure? Well, you could say this uh you know, this ISM number was kind of bullish and the market went down. Is that news failure? I always say if you have to ask, then it's not. It should be obvious. We're talking about major, at least in my position, major market turns. They only happen once in a while, okay? A major market turn doesn't happen every day, right? Lucky if it happens every six months to a year, right? So, if you have to ask, then it probably isn't. It should be obvious. What was the driving narrative? Okay? And was that just confirmed by the news? And therefore, how did the market react to it? Right? Why was oil going up? Because of the war with Iran. Obvious. All right. If the war with Iran news gets worse and oil can no longer go up, there's your news failure. There was one on April 2nd with the stock market. Why was the stock market going down in March? Because the war with Iran was causing this oil issue. The oil issue was causing the potential for an inflation issue. The inflation issue was causing a potential for an interest rate issue, which then caused a potential for a stock market issue. Okay, there it is. Pretty simple. Well, on April 2nd, oil was up over 10%. The stock market closed up that day. That was the bottom of that market. Now, does that mean that I knew that the market was going to go from April 2nd and do what it did over the course of April, May? No. Of course, I had no idea. If I did know that, then hey, we wouldn't even gonna be sitting there because I'd be on my boat right now. You know what I mean? Um, sitting in Monaco or going to the casinos blowing a whole bunch of money, right? Um, but my point being, it gave you the sign that was the news failure, right? Um, the market is no longer reacting to this horrible news in a bad way. So therefore, the odds have changed. Did it mean that that had to be the bottom? No, it didn't. But it means again it's a good riskreward bet that it that it was &gt;&gt; excellent. And uh Matt like uh what are your observations about the news failure? Is it something you're incorporating a little bit more? How do you think about it? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So I've been thinking about this a lot actually just this past week where &gt;&gt; because you know we talk a lot about relative strength which again I get the the question relative strength is not the RSI indicator. Relative strength is comparative. So the stock is stronger than the index. It's not the momentum oscillator. It's always a common misconception. But I was just thinking you know applied correctly relative strength off of the bottom which we know everyone's looking for the leaders is the concept of news failure but it's applied to price. So the you know basically you're looking for an index that is weak. For example this past week all the AI stocks now what they here uh or July I know this be after July 8th. So the past week has been a massive selloff here in all these these AI names and every day the markets opened up they were already to the downside. Today was the first day where there's oil in news. The S&amp;P is underperforming the triple Q's. The triple Q's are doing a bit better and almost all of my A stocks AI stocks are already positive. That was the same stuff we saw back in March. So, it's not news failure, but it's um I guess it's it's I guess price failure sounds wrong, but it's index failure. So, the indexes are weaker and these stocks are stronger. They're already positive. Usually, that points to accumulation. It's not a buy by itself. It's something that I I watch super close. But, you know, you mentioned before, you know, how does as a market maker influence your breakouts or when when you do what? Well, that's why at the beginning of a trend breakouts work because you have this coiling spring, right? The market's been weak. It's been weak. The stocks don't go down. They're not going down simply because someone's accumulating them because they're all tied with this passive index investing. They've always been, but now even more so. So, if they don't fall, it's because someone's purposely going in to buy when the market is weak. Who would do that unless they had a really strong view of this stock and they're not going to be selling it in two days. if if that is the case. And so then after when the when the the market improves and everyone's worried, well, of course the breakouts work because everyone who wanted to sell is already sold and the guy who bought it all is not looking to go and sell it now because he he had to buy it in the midst of all this uncertainty. So that's why the breakouts work early on. And relative strength is basically another form of news failure, which again doesn't guarantee, but you stack the odds. Like if there's positive relative strength over one week, two weeks, and then the financial crisis hits, well, the stocks are going to break down anyways because that buyer will be overwhelmed and the future turned out differently. But you're stacking the deck. If the market does, you know, hold itself in and find whatever reason to rally, well, if the stock didn't fall when the market fell 3%. If the market goes up 2 or 3%, I bet you it goes up a lot more than the market because it's already it's already been under accumulation. And everyone else is noticing that, too. So everyone's kind of charging to the same names, the smarter investors and those who are are parents. So again really similar like applied differently but like underlying mechanism is is there's a lot of similarities and overlap. &gt;&gt; Perfect. &gt;&gt; And and oh by the way and again I don't conclude anything until the market closes, right? Intraday moves can fool us a lot about what what we're saying. But to Matt's point, &gt;&gt; something the NASDAQ's leading today, right? Well, we've been going through this big rotation where people are getting out theoretically of these stocks and getting into more Dow Russell type of stuff. We have seen that, right? Guess what? The Dow is now the most crowded thing on Coot there is. Okay. But we are now seeing today the NASDAQ starter before him. Oh, by the way, on a day when the Cosby was down over 5%. It costs me being as I've been saying calling it the the mothership of this AI trade the the thing to watch to to give you a clue as to what's going on right so that in a way is if we in fact close like this today in a way news failure the Cosby Py was down again the market is weak the NASDAQ is the more volatile thing it's what the narrative has been doing right that this whole switching out of those Why isn't the Nazic the weakest thing today? Can you explain to me why? Is there some other reason? I don't think that there is. You know, this may be, and again, there's never a guarantee. I'll say it every time, but this may be the sign that this rotation is now done and going back. The positioning is showing that's what it should be, right? The the the Dow positioning is where and the stock indices by far where people are the longest now. The NASDAQ is where people are now the least long. All right? So the positioning contrarian traders to start thinking NASDAQ rather than Dow, right? The narrative has gotten that way. We hear the narrative all the time. These stocks have gone too far too fast. We don't, you know, all of a sudden there's all this issues with over this that and the other thing with the chip stocks and now we're getting a failure. The Cosby is down 5% again overnight. And now the NASDAQ is leading. &gt;&gt; There it is. &gt;&gt; You know, I I find every every trader as you go on a lot of what we we're always looking for is what doesn't make sense or what's abnormal. So everyone wants to again everyone wants to predict. Oh, if it gets above here instead of predicting again like you can you would have to predict there's you could trade one minute charts, five minute charts, daily, weekly, there's an endless number of things you'd have to predict which is impossible. But if you could notice, like we're saying, like, oh, suddenly there's this shift and like, okay, well, now I can zero in on this. I mean, most people will will want to fade it the other way. They'll say, oh, the Dow's down. The NASDAQ's not down yet. I got to sell the NASDAQ. It's going to catch up to the Dow. That but the market is not the grocery store where like it's on sale this week, so it's a good deal. It the price is happening because someone's anticipating something and it's reflecting that in demand and supply. So, it and that's another reason people kind of get tripped up. So, so you want to you want to zero in on what's abnormal and then have to try and back out. what's causing it? Is there news? Is it's a positioning or whatnot? And then after not always try and fade what's abnormal, try to understand it. And if it's happening when it's crowded, go with it. If it's you or or faded, if if it's if it's a weak abnormality and that's I think a good way, you know, to look at things. &gt;&gt; The the least reasons that there are the less reasons that there are for it to be happening, the more you want to believe it. That's what I think. The market is giving a message there, &gt;&gt; right? If you reading the tape is, that is what reading the tape is. The tape is telling you, and I always say, like I say, no matter how you want to get long or why you want to get long or short something, I don't care. Let the tape agree with you first because at the ultimate at the end of the day, that is the ultimate judge, right? Because that's where we're going to make our P&amp;L, right? &gt;&gt; Be wrong, make money, you know, like who cares as long as you make money. And the place you're going to make money obviously is the market. You know, you're not going to make money by making a prediction. you're going to make money because the market's going to make you money. So, it's telling you go with what the market is telling you is the point. And and one last thing about the news failure thing and Matt is calling it now, you know, the relative strength kind of thing. Well, there's another form of news failure. It doesn't necessarily have to be a news item. We call it correlation failure, right? So, one thing is like, okay, &gt;&gt; I find that everybody is mega short the British pound here. I want to get long the British pound. How am I going to look for news failure? Well, one thing could be some really bearish news comes out in the UK about the British pound and it doesn't go down. Okay, that's sort of a classic news failure. But what about all the other currencies are down today, right? There was some bullish US dollar news. Every currency in the world went down, but the British pound didn't. So it wasn't necessarily news on British pound, but that's a correlation failure, which Matt is explaining as a relative strength message. Same thing. And you know, you'll people will notice this. I remember when I started off trading, it's like it was like what 20 well I was trading at the 2000, but I started trading pro and 08. But the market will fixate on the news. You know, like it with with Iran, it was about oil prices and oil going 100, 150, three. And if if oil is up 3%, market's down. oil falls 2% market goes up and then at a certain point it won't matter anymore and it'll be same thing with the news topic it' be tariffs oh I'm entire you know Trump's gonna do this and Trump's going to do that and this is the response from Italy and this is the response from Canada and at a certain point these headlines are so and no one's going to care anymore and so when you're first starting off you'll you'll think that like oh there's this strong oil goes up market goes down for that moment in time because everyone's fixated on it and the algos get fixated on it and then just slowly you know the uptrend will start you'll see these relative you'll see these correlation failures by the time it's obvious like when when did tariff like last year 2025 when did tariff worries finally leave like I don't know there was from March maybe September October people stopped talking about it like I know my local news had a thing at the top Trump's terrorist for like a year after the the bottom came in they were still like like always everything every time he said something so but but like it stops being relevant way before it comes out of the news cycle so the correlation fail is another thing that you have to kind of whenever something's abnormal what what is the known thing and then what's an abnormal reaction. It can happen on a shorter term time frame like we're talking over this past week with the rotations. It can happen at major events, you know, and uh and sometimes the news I remember in ' 08 at the bottom, you know, it was like cra and things are always going to look awful at the bottom. Things are always going to look beautiful at the top and that and it's just the industry is just built to kind of push stuff that way because when things are good, no one wants to hear a bad argument. When things are bad, no one wants to hear a good argument. If you just sold all your stocks and panic, you don't want to hear something about the startup bull market. It's the last thing you want to hear, right? So again, you get rich selling lies that people want to be lied to. It's like you'll see that everywhere in the market. It's it's astounding. And again, and not to be the dead hawk sort of stick, but I'm going to do it anyway. At some point, the market doesn't respond to that news thing anymore, the tariffs or whatever it is. Why is that? Because the market is a discounting mechanism, right? How does it discount it? Positioning. At some point, everybody has already positioned that the tariffs are bearish. &gt;&gt; So then once they're already positioned for that, it stops reacting to bearish tariff news. And hell, if you look at the bottom day after the whole tariff thing, it was on a Monday where over the weekend there was more bearish tariff news. The market gapped down on Sunday night and by the close of that Monday the market closed up. Okay. And Coot was showing that people were max short the stock market there. Okay. And then the market stopped going down. And three days later is when they came out with the news that the tariffs were not going to be so bad and we went up and had like one of the biggest days in the stock market history. Three days after the bottom on bad news. So just another example &gt;&gt; and I would say that's just a function of markets like you said because like let's say a big bull market like when Bitcoin in 2021 top like valuation never mattered. It never valued at any time in that uptrend. It wasn't driven by valuation. What killed Bitcoin is when buyers ran out of money and why they ran the Fed started hiking rates so they couldn't afford to keep pushing it higher. But and that's a microcosm of everything. Same with the market where it could be the AI trade. It's going to keep rolling on unless someone chokes out the money supply and and same thing on the way down. Why does a bottom happen if everybody's sold who wants to sell at that point? Even if the news is still going to be bad for a while, they're selling. There's only going to be buyers from here on because everyone's sold in anticipation. So like the positioning is the positioning is what takes the fundamentals and uh brings it brings it into the reality of trading. That's like the mechanism and the positioning is a function of money and institutions and all the rest. But that's why people say, you know, the stock is not the company. Yeah. because everyone's trying to kind of position or or bet or place a trade on what they think it will be. So what what they're actually doing with their money is a major determinant of what the price of stock's going to do in the future. If everyone's already bought, well, the money's gone. There's no more buying. Even if the stock keeps killing it, there's no more money if the Fed's hiking rates. And that's why Apple came out with the iPhone in ' 07. It still crashed in '08 because the system crashed. iPhone was still killer, still amazing, right? Still the iPhone, but for those that period of time, the stock fell 50 60% because the market broke. So there's all these different things you're trying to kind of manage in real time. But those but that's what these key points we're talking about. These are the principles that are what drives markets. Whether it's futures, stocks, fiveminute chart, daily chart, pick your your your specialty, but that's what it is. And it comes through in the news failure, it comes through in relative strength, it comes through in then price action to confirm and that's why it's the underlying principle that kind of ties it all together. &gt;&gt; Perfect. Jason, any any last bits to add on there or I think that might be a good place to to call it for for today unless you've got more to add. &gt;&gt; I think I've made my point. &gt;&gt; You don't want to beat the dead horse again. &gt;&gt; Too many times already. But &gt;&gt; horse is dead. Jason's dead. &gt;&gt; Well, what can I tell you? I mean, it's just these things just show up again and again and again, you know. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Well, I I've really really enjoyed this. I I think this was fantastic and to hear both your guys' perspectives. I tried to break you guys up. It didn't work. you guys instead just shared awesome lessons and Matt, I'll push back that I don't think this will be a popular one. I think I think people who are watching this right now are loving it because there's a there's a lot of truths that as you're trying to figure out trading and build your system, whatever it is, you guys are speaking to a lot of things that everybody has a thing about. So, I think this is really great. Um, I just want to close it out with maybe one more question each, you know, general advice for traders watching this. if if there's one thing that you think they should take away from what we've talked about today, uh what would it be? And um anybody really want to start or we can we can go with Matt to kick things off. &gt;&gt; Yeah, sure. One one thing I always tell people and I did this years ago is write out your process. Build a manual. Take some time. If you really want to be passionate about this, you have a bit of time to do this. Write your manual out where if you had to go away to a desert island for six months, you couldn't look at the market, you had to hand off your notes to somebody else to trade your account for you the way you did, you would. If you can't do that, there's probably some major holes in your process that you're unaware of. If if if you say, "Well, how much the stock is this guy going to buy and what if the market has a gap down event or what if that then see you you don't have that planned out." So, take some time like I I wrote one years ago and and I I still go back and add to it after every cycle like, "Oh, this is something I didn't realize." And so, write it out. And you'd be amazing when you actually sit down and write stuff. Like Jason always says, he started crowded market report to kind of was part of his tracking of his own ideas of what the market crowding was. you know, when you write it out, it forces your idea to paper and and it really forces you to be cohesive. And that's how with Caruso Insights, I mean, I first started doing it because, you know, people want to learn how, but I've gotten so much value out of like forcing myself to have to articulate it in like an intelligible and, you know, usable process that that really kind of forces discipline and clear thoughts. So, write out your process. If you're if you can't explain something, the market will force you to explain at some time. You're better off doing it before you're in a bad situation. So that that's what I would recommend to people. &gt;&gt; Excellent. Jason, &gt;&gt; first of all, yes. Yes. Yes. You you got to do what he's saying. &gt;&gt; Yep. &gt;&gt; Write stuff out. Keep a keep keep a diary. Um I can't explain how much that's going to help. But in general, I think as you're approaching this market, as you're approaching how to make money out of the markets, be cynical. Okay? This this is not what we are told it is. The market is not what the press tells us it is, right? It's not about trying to figure out is Micron going to beat earnings this quarter or not beat earnings this quarter. You're not going to be able to predict the future over time. That's not going to work. What this is is about trying to find situations that offer asymmetric risk return. Okay? If you're wrong, you're going to lose a dollar and be fine with it. And if you're right, you're going to make $5. lose a dollar, make five. Lose a dollar, make five. Lose a dollar, make five. That's what this game is, right? It's not about trying to figure out what what what the future is. And and that's what all of the 99% of the press is built around, right? You turn on the TV, what are they doing? They're bringing on experts who are telling you, you know, the the AI this or, you know, this is what it's going to look like and therefore this is it. It's not going to work. And this is why those experts underperform the market. You see it all the time. 90 whatever percent of these fund managers underperform the market, right? Because they're playing the wrong game. Believe it. The game is about finding asymmetric risk return. That's what you should focus on. Do I think I have a way of doing that for me? Yes. Okay. Is it the only way? No. find your way of of finding asymmetric risk return and then be very disciplined about doing that. That's how you win this game. Period. &gt;&gt; Great. And by the way, uh your quote earlier, I think there should be a t-shirt that you should make it in. But be wrong, make money. Like you said, lose a dollar, make five. You know, be wrong and then just make money over time. Accept that you're going to be wrong. Plan for it. Deal with it. Build a system around it. Um perfect. Well, Matt, Jason, thank you guys so much for uh for your time today. Uh you guys made my job easy. I didn't have to jump in too much. So, I really enjoyed this. I'll I'll I'll look back at this and and take a bunch of notes. So, thank you guys both sincerely for your time. I really appreciate it. Uh to everybody watching, I hope you guys enjoyed as well. Uh leave a like down below for for Matt and Jason subscribers if you're new to the channel. Uh check them out as well. Caruso Insights and the Crowded Market Report. Uh and we'll be right back. Cheers, everybody. &gt;&gt; [music]