I've been using Cloud Code, Trading View, and various other AI tools to build a pre-market scanner, strategy filters, and a Pine Script strategy on Trading View. And I'll show you how to do so in this video. AI is a talk of the town. While you see a lot of AI enthusiasts on YouTube integrating Claude or Codeex with their trading view, and those videos are great, don't get me wrong, but they're not traders after all. Remember AI is mostly just slop without specialized knowledge behind it. Trading is the same. You need real trading experience first. Then AI becomes a tool to sharpen your edge instead of generating generic strategies. The thing is AI won't magically make you profitable. So today I want to show you my take as a full-time trader with more than 10 years of experience. How to automate your trade planning process with claude code and trading view. So here's what you'll learn in this video. First, how to set up trading views connection to claude. All the potential use cases and how you can overcome the limitations. Number two, how to create your own pre-market gap scanner and news briefing. Three, create your own strategy, then back testing your own strategy on Trading View with Pinescript. Number five, more AI trading automations sending alerts straight to your phone. And finally, the bonus chapter of this video, how to use Trading View's own AI that's still in beta. Before we start, I just got to say this. I'm not a technical person. I have no background in coding or tech, but I am a trader and I'm leveraging AI tools to automate and optimize my process today. So, if a non-technical person such as myself can do this, then so can you. Today's video is jam-packed. If you're ready to follow along, make sure to drop a like down below and subscribe because I'm about to release a lot more videos about using AI to level up your trading. All right, let's start with setting up trading view connection to clot code. I'm not going to spend forever here. You can just read this expose over here, which I'll link down below. The author breaks down all the technical details of how uh Claude can now read the charts source code. So, props to this guy for figuring out this MCP workaround. I made some modifications and simplify this process. So, you can easily copy and paste all the prompts that I'm using for this video demo and to set up my trading AI pipeline in the video. The link is in the description. So, to start, here are the two things you need to get right now. Go to claude.ai AI and install cloud code on your desktop. And number two, you need to install Trading View desktop version. So you cannot use a web. You have to use a desktop like the one you're seeing seeing right now. This is running on my Mac. So here's the caveat. You need to do this trading view and cloud connection on a Mac OS. I first tried it on my uh PC computer right here and it didn't work because of the desktop file on the official website. it's like a different Microsoft file or something like that. It doesn't matter. I'm not technical. I just trade. So, if you run into that problem, just ask your AI to solve it for you. For the subscriptions for Claude or Codeex, which you can do the same thing here, too. You need at least the $20 per month paid plan um at least to get started. Um for me personally, I'm using the max plan, which you can see on screen over here. Um, I'm using the $100 a month plan and that's enough for me or for all the things I'm doing. As for Trading View, you need a paid Trading View subscription to do this connection. At least the essential plan, the cheapest one, I think it's about $13 to $15 a month. If you use my referral link down below, I believe you get $15 credit. So, that's going to help you get started. Once you have these two subscriptions and a desktop installed, you're finally now ready to get started. So just go to step number three on my blog and copy this into cloud code. Essentially that installs the MCP. You copy from this GitHub over here which is the one that you can see from this expost. You can verify. You can see a lot of people watching it and using it. 2.9,000 stars. So this is legitimate and that's the one I personally downloaded as well. So once you copy that, you just enter. And during this process, Claude is going to ask you a lot of different permissions. So you can just read the different prompts and follow along. And once it's done installing, you're going to have to restart Claude. Once you restart it, go to a new session and copy this prompt and run TV health check and tell me if Trading View is connected. So just run this prompt. So you can see now that you run the prompt, it's showing that Trading View is connected. Um, by the way, your desktop obviously needs to be open right now. The link is live and API available. The chart is now on NASDAQ AMD on the one day chart. Let's check if that is correct. Okay, so that's the daily chart on the NASDAQ. Okay, great. I'm going to simplify this and go to the five minute chart because that will be the chart that we'll be using. Now that the connection is established, you can try and test out some really basic prompts. It can do almost anything as long as Claude can read all the different candlesticks on the daily chart and the essentially all the source code behind it. Let me just do a quick demo right now. Can you draw the levels for Intel? Um draw the recent higher days. Um the pre-market highs and lows and the 50 52- week highs and lows as well as alltime highs. So you can see Claude is switching time frames live. Okay. So you can see Claude has just drawn the 52- week highs and they actually have like different styles and labeled it as well. That's pretty cool. Um daily highs, daily lows, pre-market highs, pre-market lows. Okay, now that you've tried the basic use cases, let's move on to what actually matters for active trading. The goal for me today here is very simple. I want to build a complete pre-market trade planning pipeline from scanning for stocks to trade to building my strategy and then back testing it. Now remember I did mention earlier that trading view and claw connection. Right now there is some limitations. One is that trading view cannot scan the entire market for you all at once. It's only able to scan and provide you data on a basket of stocks that you selected and told it to do specifically. But no worries, there are some easy workarounds for this. And it's really fast, too. So, what I decided to do, which is way faster and simpler, by the way, is to create a preliminary pre-market scan, which will give me all the top gappers, and then put the results from that first scan, I call it scanner A, into my strategy scanner for my strategy to trade. That would be scanner B. So, let's build that right now. What I'm going to build first is a simple pre-market scanner. All right, let's start building the pre-market scanner. Now, there are two or three prompts to use and you can copy them from my blog post here on my website. It's free. You don't even need to enter your email. Let's start building the pre-market scanner. Now, if I go to my blog post, so I can just copy it. Uh, this one, copy, paste. So, you can see that I'm asking to build a pre-market scanner every morning before the open. Build me something that does this. So, I'm scanning for all the criteria we just talked about. Stocks that moved up more than So, I'm scanning for the big movers for my trend join loan setup. By the way, stocks that gap up more than 5% from previous day, price above $3 per share, and over 50K pre-market volume. Um, you can obviously adjust that to however fits you better, but for me, that works. And I'm actually going to go to uh auto mode, so stops asking me for directions. And then you can see that I tell it the news catalyst source to use. So for the tickers and the percentage I'm fetching from Yahoo Finance and for the briefing uh news catalyst briefing I'm sourcing them from as you can tell Benzinga and then I tell it the format I want to see. I want to see ticker price gap percentage then one catalyst sentence. So it's building that right now. So this process should take you about a minute or two minutes especially if it's your first time doing it. Um but so give it some time. Amazing. So you can see these are the results that gave me for um the gappers. You can see the gappers pre-market. Today's a Saturday. So this is obviously not from today. This is probably from Friday. Stocks over 5% price about $3. top 10 gappers and the news catalyst. So you can see the tickers sedg, Figma, EMP, VG, Wayne, team, and you can see all the catalyst and you can see all the results each morning is saved to a new JSON file with a date specified. And don't worry, later I'm going to show you how to deploy and send that pre-market scanner results to your phone every single morning. Now, let's move on to the strategy scanner filters. Now that we have the pre-market scanner down, let's dive into strategy building and the scanner behind it. I'll be demoing today with my favorite set strategy, which is the trendway long setup. This is my favorite setup that I mentioned in so many of my YouTube videos. And by the way, every single weekend I curate a watch list of three to four trade ideas based on my strategies. You can get that for free by signing up with the link down below. I'm also developing a lot of AI tools to help traders level up their day trading and swing trading. So, make sure to stay tuned. We're going to build the strategy scanner filter to read all the results that we've generated from the pre-market scan. The strategy filter essentially will tell you which of these candidates are valid for entries and exits. Now, to build this trend long strategy scanner, you just need to copy my prompt here. Don't worry. Uh I'll show you exactly what it is. So let me copy and paste. Now it's building. So essentially you can extend it and see that I'm asking it to build a trend joint long strategy scanner that filters stocks down to which ones that meet my day trading entry criteria. I'm asking to do a test. You can see it's doing a test on AMD, Nvidia, MU. And these are the prerequisites. So while it's running, these are the criteria I'm asking it to build for the strategy scanner. Number one, I wanted to run after 10:00 a.m. market time. The price of the stock needs to be above yesterday's daily high, and yesterday's close needs to be above the 200 SMA. The price needs to be above today's pre-market highs, and the price needs to be above today's high of day. Essentially, again, I'm joining strength. It needs to be a higher date breakout. If all five of the criteria passes, then it's a hit. Then now the scanner will trigger an entry. The difference between this scanner and the previous um pre-market gap scan we created is that this strategy scanner needs to run on trading view. That's where the connection to claude comes into play. Also just make sure that your trading view desktop must must be running and the charting tab needs to be active. So you can see now that it's built the second scanner. So, this run was a lot faster um than the pre-market gap scan. They finished building the scanner in about two minutes. I think it already has a context from the previous one. Now, at this point, I'm sure you're wondering, "All right, Shay, but does this strategy actually work?" Now, this is where the fun begins. We can back test the strategy scanner we just created on Trading View. And once again, you can just ask Claude to do this for you. Okay, I want you to back test the strategy we just created in Pine Script. Um, back test MU as far as you can go on the five minute chart. All right, we are back. Let's see what the back testing did. So what it did is essentially it created like um pine strategy um on trading view and using the criteria we input earlier. This is all the trades I did. So there the net P&amp;Ls. Okay. So you can see it gives you the date to some longs um some losses some wins. Oh pretty decent a lot of greens but also like AMD has been really really strong. So keep that in mind. And here are the key metrics. Not bad. Not bad. So, total P&amp;L over 14 trades is $1,200. And there's a max equity draw down here as well. Profitable night out of 14. Profit factor is 2.48. That's really good. Uh, but again, I want to caveat by saying that this is only one ticker. And you can see the details they provide you here. It's around the same. and the initial capital we're using a thousand dollar. Obviously, you wouldn't be using 100% of the equity per trade, but again, this is just a back test. But again, that was a really limited back test. Let's extend this to a lot more tickers now. And I think I'm going to use higher time frames to speed this up. Good job. Now, I want to extend this back test to more tickers. Uh, I want to back test on MU, Nvidia, Tesla, Apple, Amazon, Meta, Google going far as far as you can on the 15minute chart. So, essentially, I want to extend this back test to all the magnificant magnificent seven, even though I don't think I got seven. What am I missing? Well, I'm missing Netflix, but it's it's okay. You you get the idea. I want to extend this to a magnet max 7 and on the 15 minute time frame now. Okay. So, I'm not going to lie, that did take a while. Um, but we got some decent results. You can see we have Tesla, Nvidia, AMD. Um, so no trades on Tesla. That's fine. But what happened to Google? Anyways, this just to show you that um the strategy does work. But once again, it's highly selective. But as you can see, since we are we were back testing on the I think 15 minute time frame, you are producing a lot less trades. If you were on the five minute time frame, there will be a lot more trades. Um and again, my criteria like all the ones I list out earlier is really really strict. So if you want to take more trades, which you know, up to you. Um I would prefer higher win rates and higher returns than to take more trades. But again, you can play around with this. This is just a foundation strategy for you to get started. And this is where the real work comes in as a trader. As you can tell, this is a really good foundation, but it's based on very selective criteria and it's only you're only back testing on only a select few tickers. So, make sure you go in yourself and test out different entry rules. And truth be told, I'm still in the process of testing and reiterating to make sure this applies across all the stocks on my watch list. I don't have all the answers for you today, but I'll be making follow-up videos on this very soon. So, I want to show you some examples of how I would reiterate and test out the strategies using Claude. I see. I think the amount of stocks you can back test is really limited using Pinescript. I want you to switch to Python now to back test this exact same strategy and I want to expand you to you the universe to all the stocks on my watch list. I believe there are around 30 stocks. So expand the back test to those 30 stocks using the last 30 days. So you can see Claude is now hard at work uh writing me a back testing um Python and I can uh tell it what tickers to run. And again all of these prompts will be available on my blog post that you can just copy and paste. But you do need to reiterate this to fit your own strategy and your own capital as well. All right. So that was a lot faster than the previous one using Python. So you can do the same with all the other tickers you want to back test on. So basically within my watch list I have 32 tickers and I was back testing the last 30 days. And this is the portfolio totals and I'm trading with $10,000 account 54% win rate and a total P&amp;L. This is not bad. Uh a couple of tickers with no signal Meta and Robin Hood. That's fine. And you can see these are the rest of the tickers and these are all the tick I thought I had a lot more tickers. Oh, these are top 10 um winners, but a total all the tickers on my watches are here. You can see. So, I basically asked you to back test with everything here. There's a total of 32 tickers. Um so again, this is just an example how how you can reiterate and find anything that you can improve your strategy on. This is actually really good result. I don't think I had this when I first this kind of result when I first built this. But yeah, play around with it. It's actually really fun. Okay, so far we built many things with Trading View and Claude and of course Python and other resources. We built a pre-market scanner that shows you all the gappers on the day. Then we built the strategy scanner that allows you to scan for the stocks that fit your entry and exit criteria for the trend join long strategy. And number three, we back tested the strategy with a pine script on trading view as well as asking Claude to extend that to build a Python to for us to back test even more tickers. So the next thing to build naturally is to automate everything. So the scanner will fire on its own pre-market send you the alert and then the the strategy and the testing will start on its own. Okay. Now I want to automate both scanners. The pre-market scanner I wanted to first start at 8:30 a.m. market time and run every 30 minutes until 2:00 p.m. The strategy scanner, I want it to only start after 10:00 a.m. and run 5 minutes after the pre-market scanner. And the strategy scanner is only going to run based on the tickers produced by the pre-market scanner. And I want this to run also until 300 p.m. Okay, I think it did it. That wasn't too bad. Uh that was only like five minutes. Okay, so okay, let's see what it did. So every job both jobs are loaded with a full schedule. Okay. So you can see the pre-market scanner. These are the time frames that's going to run every 30 minutes. So 12 runs a day. Yeah. All the way till um 2:00. And the trend join long scanner again which uh the scanner is based off the results from the pre-market scan. Then that's why that's why it needs to go 5 minutes after runs from 10:00 all the way to 2:30. Okay. Sweet. So, and it also shows you all the files created and all that. Um, okay. Okay. This is great. By the way, if you're trying to learn more about integrating AI into your trading, then you should definitely attend my in real life master class this July in Toronto, Canada for Blossom Kong. Blossom Kong is the ultimate conference series for retail investors who want to learn, connect, and grow in real life. It's coming soon this summer in Toronto, Vancouver, and New York City. If you're a retail investor, then check out the link down below, and I hope to meet you soon in real life. So, I'm going to show you the results on my Telegram. These are results that you're going to see each and every single morning. So, at 8:30 a.m., you're going to see the pre-market gapper preview. You'll see the tickers percentage, and the news catalyst. Then after open, you know, I don't trade right after open. After about 10 o'clock, that's when the strategy scanner will go. That's when you'll see something like this called trend join long watch list. And it's going to show you if there's any setups and any candidates available. So essentially, you're going to see this every 30 minutes during the trading days. You're going to see the gap list and the news briefing and then you're going to see the strategy scanner telling you if there's any candidates that fit the trend joint loan strategy. Okay, now I'm going to walk you through how to set up Telegram notifications so you get these messages like the one I just showed you on my screenshot. Now, along with the automation, I want all the runs, the results from both scanners after each scheduled run to be sent to my Telegram in this exact format. Okay, so I just basically copy and pasted the format I have. So you can see scanner A premarket gappers and then scanner B the trend join long hits. So again you can copy this prompt on my blog but I want it exactly in this format otherwise it's going to be really messy. So, after you put in that prompt, it's going to show you how to do that and I'll walk you through to I'm going to create new one on my um on my phone. Okay. So, it's going to So, basically just I just asked Claude and it's going to walk you through the Telegram process. So, in Telegram, search for botfather and uh you're going to do all these. Okay, I'm just going to do this right now. So, go to bot father and I want a new bot. New. New bot. I'm going to name it HTML 123. Okay. Now that we're done, I'm going to copy this token access. I'm just going to give it to Claude. So, once you have that from a Telegram, just give it to Claude. Um, of course I'm blurring this for obvious reasons. So, it's saving the token now. Great. And then it's gonna continue for you. So, yeah, basically Cloud is going to walk you through everything and make sure at this time you start the bot. So, I'm going to make sure I'm talking to the bot. Okay. Hello. Start. I need to make sure that I'm starting the bot. Uh, I did press start. Okay. So, retry again. Okay. So, now you can see on my iPhone screenshot uh recording here. This is the pre-market gappers. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. I do see the gap list. Now, also show me an example of the strategy scan result message on Telegram as well. So, I wanted to run again as well. So, again, this is just a sample. Um, but the pre-market gappers is the first one we're going to see. And then the strategy scanner is going to use is going to scan on all of these results since you should see a trend join long message in your bot chat with three sample hits. Amazing. Okay. So, you can also see this too. So, that's the strategy scanner. Just to double check, the uh the telegram will be triggered as soon as there's new runs on the pre-market scanner and the strategy scanners as well, right throughout the entire day. Amazing. As you can see this on screen here is the wiring that we just created. You get a pre-market scan, 12 fires a day, and you're going to get 12 Telegram messages. If it has too much then you can obviously revise it on your own. Then you get a trend joint long strategy runs as well. Okay. Like I mentioned earlier there's a bonus section to this video. The trading view AI chart co-pilot the public beta is now available. So they've been also on the DL on this. I didn't even know about this until after I finished all the back testing and building all the back tester on Python. So, they have this. There's still some limitations, but I just want to show you what it can do. It can actually make a lot of the back testing a lot easier. So, give this article a a read. Uh, and make sure you uh have the uh Chrome extension for the Trading Review Remix. That's their AI model they're calling it. So, make sure you have this. And again, you still need to a paid subscription on Trading View once again. Um so now let's go to our charts here. Um so it can actually start back testing now. So so remember earlier that claude and the trading view MCP connection they cannot do that many back testing but now with this I think you can back test a lot more. So let me make sure I have the strategy loaded in. I want you to run the back test on all the stocks in my watch list for the last 90 days on the 15 minute time frame using the current strategy that's loaded the demo TJL strategy. All right, let's see if it works. There you go. Okay. Oh, amazing. First batch of six. Okay. So, you can see it's able to do it's showing that you I should have just bought and hold. Yeah, you're probably right. But again, we're using very limited samples. So, I want to continue all the way. All right, let's see what we got here. The results. So, I'm not sure why the same back test on Trading View itself. Um, at least using the the Remix bot, it's not working, but as you can tell that it's it gives you a lot of options to optimize it. So you guys can play around with it. And I'm gonna I might do like a follow-up video on the Trading View remix as well. The next thing I want to try to see if I can do is to give me the pre-market watch list, the gap scans. Can you create pre-market gap scan of the top 10 gappers on the day with their ticker percentage change? Sorry, percentage gap pre-market by 8:30 a.m. and any news catalyst that they may have. The stock must be above $3 per share and pre-market must be trading at least 20,000 shares. So the exact same criteria we did with claude in trading view earlier. I want to see if this trading view AI can do the same. Okay. Yeah, you're correct. There's no nothing on Sunday. But oh, so it's able to give me all the list I asked for pre-market. Amazing. But I think the limitation is that it's not able to send it to my telegram. Let's find out. Are you able to send me that watch list every single morning to my telegram? So, let's find out. I don't think I can. Yeah, it's saying that we cannot do that. We need to run the scan on demand every single morning, but maybe in the future you can run like external automations. I think I'm going to keep playing around with this, but just so you know that a lot of the limitations we saw earlier with Claude um you can solve that within Trading View Remix, but again there's so there's always some other limitations like with this one you have to you cannot schedule it. You have to run it on demand every single morning. But it's definitely really cool to try out. If you want me to make a follow-up video on the Trading View remix, especially, you know, with following up on the back testing I did earlier, let me know down below. If you watch it this far, you'll know one thing. Trading View Pine Script simply lets you back test. It doesn't allow you to turn that Pine Script or indicator into an automated trading system. But don't worry, I'm already on it. I've already started trading this back tested strategy using interactive brokers API and these on screen are the results so far. So, make sure to subscribe and turn on the notification bell because next week I'm going to post a video that'll walk you through the exact step-by-step process just like I did today. Once again, the full blog with every single prompt and all the links and resources are linked down below. Like I mentioned earlier, AI cannot make you profitable. You, as the human, still needs to learn how to trade and still have a trading strategy. So, make sure to watch this video to learn my two favorite trading strategies over