So, why don't you explain the crash of '87? &gt;&gt; Well, because the crash of '87, there was you know, you were an option trader, so there was no skew in '87. Calls and puts were priced the same way. And so, there was no premium built in for velocity of risk. So, in 1987 the just went everywhere because there was no way to price effectively price anything, you know, around that around the 1987 crash. So, that was the scariest thing because we didn't know if the money we had at the clearing firms were going was going to be good the next day. &gt;&gt; Meaning, you didn't know that they were going to have the money left to be able to make good on their &gt;&gt; I didn't even know if Schwab was going to be able to open the next day cuz they were underwater, you know, on Monday morning, the day after the crash. You know, so I didn't even know if the brokerage firms, let alone the clearing firms, you know, most of us had most of the current firms we used at the time like Goldman Sachs It wasn't really Goldman Sachs, but it was like Spear Leeds or or First Options, that kind of stuff. You know, they were Continental Bank and the rumor was Continental Bank was going under. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Because they were clearing for everybody at the Board of Trade and and the CBO and the Merc. And so, we didn't know if our money was good. Like the trading was a bad enough, but '87 was scary. After '87, everything changed. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but but basically, you didn't have like a real-time understanding of risk as a system. And so, like you didn't know if your counterparties &gt;&gt; We were going to be able to &gt;&gt; thing happened in 2008, at least on the institutional side where like when like I was working at Goldman when, you know, Bear Stearns and and Lehman went under. And then you're sitting there saying, well, what happens if you know, I have a hedge position, but maybe it's with Lehman or Bear Bear Stearns and then half of your your hedge goes away and then you're left exposed. And so, you know, how do you deal with that because that counterparty risk? &gt;&gt; Yeah, well we don't deal with we we since everything we do is, you know, is is centrally cleared at OCC. So, on the retail side we don't have that risk. That's like that's like institutional risk when you go counterparty to counterparty, you know, that's between Goldman and, you know, and and Lehman or whatever it was. &gt;&gt; Yeah, but you're you're kind of explaining that you're worried that even the the the clearing houses &gt;&gt; In '87 I was worried. In 2008 2008 2009 I was worried for the industry. But I wasn't worried like like our firm we we had no we we had risk but we very manageable risk. And we had, you know, among the we had among the largest kind of retail customer positions, you know, I mean, that's what we were. But um we were in a good shape. We actually looked at, you know, we we took a serious look. We thought we could we actually thought we had a chance to buy E*TRADE in 2000 in the end of 2008 early 2009. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I remember calling Ken Griffin asking him if he'd sell me a piece of E*TRADE. And he said, "You don't want it." I did want it but he said, "You don't want it." So, um we didn't buy it. &gt;&gt; Well, I guess before we get off the finance stuff, I'm curious when you look at the um you know, landscape today, are there any risk that you think could be, you know, fundamental or existential like you know, the 90 1987 or 2008 like you have obvious um risk in the system that people underestimated or or didn't see. Is there anything today that you think looks like that from your perspective? &gt;&gt; there's anything that looks like it but I'm sure there is. You know, like like that kind of risk is not something you can predict or you can even talk about but there's no question that we've reached a level of complacency that scares me a lot. And so, I feel like, you know, complacency and leverage is there's a lot of money borrowed and there's a lot of complacency out there. I it could be a recipe for something bad. Um but, you know, I mean, we're record highs. So, it's it's a hard argument to make right now, you know? It's a hard It's a hard game to play. You can't really play that. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, and kind of what I was alluding to before, whether or not they allow this to happen, like ultimately means that anytime something bad happens or people default, it seems that the Fed or the government comes in and ultimately pumps the system with liquidity and keeps it from keeps it from defaulting. &gt;&gt; Well, they didn't know that until 2008, 2009. They figured that out. Um, until then, you know, yeah, I think it was a different risk. &gt;&gt; If you like this video, please take a look in the description at what I'm building now. You can join along for free, get access to my new portfolio, career optimization tools, financial forecasting, and our new prediction engine. Stay tuned for even more.
