What are your thoughts on the idea of IV being bigger than realized volatility, but fat tail events happen more often than they should statistically? Do you guys ever hedge? &gt;&gt; Yeah, so, you know, like um implied volatility. So, Nick, this is a this is a fun question because think about this for a second. You're asking, what are your thoughts on uh implied volatility being greater than realized volatility? And if you think about it, implied volatility, which is what's going to happen in the future, or what may happen in the future, has to be cuz implied volatility means look looking out into the future. And realized volatility is looking backwards at what actually happened. There's no way that the future can un- be underpriced for &gt;&gt; be more certain than the past. &gt;&gt; That's right. So, so realized &gt;&gt; have more certainty. &gt;&gt; Realized volatility is is is always going to be less than implied volatility. Not Now, again, 15% of the time, realized will be higher, but that's irrelevant. The The way volatility [clears throat] is priced is implied volatility is priced higher than realized volatility. That's the whole reason that people like me sell premium. But, fat tail events do happen statistically way more than in the markets way more than they should statistically. That's what we call, you know, there's some famous books written about this, Fooled by Randomness and things like that where essentially they're saying, you know, e- even though this is this isn't It requires an outlier move and has like less than a 1% chance, that 1% chance happens way more than a 1% chance is supposed to happen, and that's the beauty of markets, and that's why you should always be long the crap. I would argue that that's a, you know, that's kind of an Nassim Taleb way to look at markets and trading. It's a very academic approach, but I believe it's I believe it's a failed approach um for individual investors and for traders and I would [clears throat] strongly recommend that if you're playing for a one-hit wonder, it's an absolutely stupid way to trade. Um, do we hedge? Of course we hedge. Um, it's not a big part of what we do. In fact, I don't love to hedge, but do we hedge? Certainly. But the reason that implied volatility or future moves um, relative to what actually happens, um, they have to be priced on top of that and that's the reason again that people sell options. I mean, you're not you're not going to sell them at fair value. You're not going to sell them under fair value. You're going to sell them at a premium to fair value and you're going to hope that you stay inside of that range. And then when you do get those fat tail events, that's when you get hurt. &gt;&gt; Okay. There you go. Um, Nick. &gt;&gt; It's a great topic though because there's so many fun articles and books written on this and and classes taught about this. I mean, from MIT to NYU, um, this is a topic that that gets debated all the time. We feel very strongly about selling implied because realized is lower. &gt;&gt; If you like this video, please take a look in the description at what I'm building now. You can join along for free, get access to my new portfolio, career optimization tools, financial forecasting, and our new prediction engine. Stay tuned for even more.
