Yeah, I mean it's like ridiculous. You know, so so you have to be careful that you don't like talk to an outlier. Like I you know, I have some friends that run high frequency firms that they're among the best trading firms in the world. But they're ridiculous. I mean I can't I'm never going to try to do what they do and I'm never going to expect any of our customers to ever So So what they would tell a customer is completely gar garbage because customers can't do that and they don't understand anything else. So when somebody says, you know, if they have a nine-figure return No, that is I don't want I don't care what they have to say because it's not realistic for a retail investor. &gt;&gt; investor. No, that is very interesting. &gt;&gt; Retail investors should look at what the risk-free rates are. Let's just say they're 5% cuz they're 5% here, they're 5% like in the UK. So risk-free rates are 5%. Retail investors should look at risk-free rates at 5% and they should say, "You know what? My goal, my objective is to make some multiple of risk-free rates. Like maybe it's three times, 15% maybe it's four times, five times, 25%. That's realistic. But if you think you're making, you know, a nine-figure return, you're crazy. &gt;&gt; It's interesting you say that because a lot of the thankfully over over in the last three, four years I've managed to get around a lot of traders, get a lot of feedback in terms of, you know, their sort of goals, their sort of vision when it comes to their trading. And that's sort of goal they're after. The goal they're after is to try and achieve the you know, get to a point where they're trading you know, eight figures, nine figures. &gt;&gt; It's not realistic. I've been doing this for 40 some odd years. I've dealt with millions of retail investors. Okay? I have seen less than 10 go from zero I've seen probably 10 to 12 go from essentially nothing to let's call it a a I'll give you 50 to 100 million dollars, okay? Less than 10 in 40 some odd years and the last 25 years dealing with millions of retail investors. That is not a statistic that should make you want to go out there and say, "I can get to seven, eight, or nine figures, you know, with a $10,000 account." That's ridiculous. Um I mean, I've interviewed people before that have taken a, you know, $5,000 account and taken it to a couple million dollars. Um I did a series with a woman years ago um called Karen the Supertrader. I mean, she came to us with 100,000. She turned it into a total of 100 million. I mean, it's rare, but I've seen it happen. There are um but those cases, those are outliers. And those are not They're real, but they're not something that somebody should ascribe to or or that should not be, you know, that's not going to happen. Let's be realistic. Let's say, "Hey, you know what? If you can make five times the risk-free rates, you're freaking stud. You know, if you can make seven times the risk-free rates, you can make 35%. You're amazing." And that's that's the truth. &gt;&gt; Do you think a lot of traders should, rather than focus on those sort of goals? Cuz I think what ends up happening with those goals as well as it can almost negatively impact their decision-making in the moment. Cuz they're chasing this &gt;&gt; Well, those people, they trade too big, so they go out of business. It's You're You're You're destined If you think you're going to eight or nine figures, you're going out of money. You're going to be blowing out. No question about it. &gt;&gt; How important do you think as a trader is to focus on the process? The the process around your trading, whether it's, you know, whether it's your trade management, your idea generation versus that P&amp;L, focusing on that P&amp;L. &gt;&gt; It's hard because it's hard because people get distracted. They have other jobs. They have other things to do. They have lives. They have jobs. They have um things that they're, you know, that are more important to them. And so, it's it's very distracting. And here, it's like when I go to play poker, like I I'm not a very good poker player. Plus, I mean, I get it. I just it bores me. So, I'll sit down and like for an hour I'll play poker. And then in the second hour, I'll go all in cuz I get I'm bored. Like I know it's the dumbest thing in the world. I'm just like, I got to get out of here, you know? Like so, I just don't want to be here anymore. I don't want to be in this casino. I don't want to be sitting at this poker table. So, here, just take my money. I want to just get the hell out of here. I think some people do that with trading cuz they're just like, I can't see myself getting, you know, um And and so, I I just I bring that up because that's very much human nature. Um but I I look at the world of finance as a as a lifetime, you know, it's something that you have to just, you know, you have to go after it. It's really a lifetime challenge. &gt;&gt; Definitely. Um would you say that as we go back just a moment in terms of the the percentage return, if you're able to get that sort of three multiple, four multiple, five multiple, whatever it may be, um but more consistent, more realistic. Do you think people need to really understand actually, if you do that consistently over the years, even when you're starting with a smaller capital, that compounds quite nicely over time? &gt;&gt; I don't think we do a good job of explaining that. On the one hand, on the other hand, I think it's something that it's it's something that technology like that is in the works so that we can explain that to people because I do think that there that that people need to understand that wealth creation is I started off today's discussion on this. Wealth creation is a derivative of longevity. And so, you know, if you think you're going to go out in 1 year and make $10 million, you're not. But if can you make $10 million over a lifetime? The answer is yes. And so, it's really about longevity. You know, a lot of very successful people, including like for example, Warren Buffett didn't make 90% of his wealth until he was what what over 70. I mean, it's crazy. So, it's all about longevity. If you like this video, please take a look in the description at what I'm building now. You can join along for free, get access to my new portfolio, career optimization tools, financial forecasting, and our new prediction engine. Stay tuned for even more.
