Breaking out of the opening range is one of the most popular trading strategies out there . The idea is super simple. I think it's easy for people to understand. That's why it's really popular. All you have to do is mark the high and low of the first 15 minutes, 30 minutes, 60 minutes, whatever range you are trading. You mark the maximum and minimum of the range of the session you are trading. You wait for the price to break above or below those levels. You have an operation. Sounds easy, right? The problem is that most traders lose money with it. It's not because the strategy doesn't work. I use it. I make a lot of money with this strategy. The problem is that most traders are using it incorrectly. So today, I'm going to talk about the three biggest mistakes I see traders making when breaking out of the opening range. I'm going to talk about how to avoid them. And then I'll show you some real live examples and a couple of tricks, some things I add to my chart to get more confluence when I want to take a trade. Alright, let's dive into it. So, quickly, here's our range. Let me get my drawing tool out here. Let's say these are the first few minutes of price action, and then we draw our range. This is our maximum range and this is our minimum range. Very good. So, for the purposes of this example, I'm going to use the 15-minute aperture range. We will discuss different range options in one of the errors, number three. Um, but this is our range. So, let's say these are the first 15 minutes of the session I'm trading. I operate the New York session. This works for London. It works for any of the sessions you want to use. So, the first mistake, the biggest mistake by far, is that when the price finally breaks out of the range, people get excited. So, if it breaks the maximum of the range, people get excited. They press the buy button and, within a few minutes, the price is back within range. They take you out with a stop loss and you wonder what happened. This is what happened. The market often finds easy liquidity levels to pull people out . Retail traders place buy stop orders right at the high and sell stop orders right at the low. And the institutions know it. Many times the price will break through that level just enough to trigger orders before deciding whether it really wants to continue. That's why I don't like to chase the initial breakup. What I do is let the market show its hand. So I'm waiting to see which side of the range breaks. If it breaks up or down, then I want to see a pullback. In this case, if buyers are truly in control, it's certain that if there is a pullback, it will find support at some point. This, to begin with, gives me a better entry point. I have a smaller stop-loss , so I have a better risk-reward ratio. And furthermore, there is more confirmation that the movement is real. So the operation is not the breakup. The operation, the best operation, is usually the support test. Sure, you'll miss some fast moves. There will be days when I simply explode and never try again . You'll certainly miss out on some gains, but you'll also avoid many false breakups. Okay, that 's mistake number one. The second mistake is ignoring the broader market context. So, on a breakout, we look at the 15-minute range within the larger context of a one- or four-hour chart. You have to ask yourself, what is the market doing overall? Are we in an uptrend? Right? Right? Are we below important levels? Perhaps we have a key level, let me find my drawing tool here. Perhaps we have a key resistance level right here and you're trying to trade a breakout towards that resistance, right? Or maybe we have the VWAP. If you're a VWAP trader, like me, VWAP might be just below the opening range here. And if we're taking a short position right towards the VWAP, which will often act as support, right? You are taking a short position towards a support level. Or perhaps, what is the slope of the VWAP? Is the VWAP very flat, right? What is the overall market context? Are we within a larger range? Like perhaps in the last hour or on the 4-hour chart, are we like in this box? We're within a range. Therefore, the possibility of a breakup is not very likely. In that case, I often operate the fake break. So you can trade the opening range breakout , as I said in the first example, where it breaks out, retests a level, and I'll show you a trick for that in a second. Try a level again, take the trade on continuation, or you can take what I call a false breakout. In this case, since it broke through and touched this key resistance level on a higher timeframe, you could potentially take a short position. That's mistake number two, ignoring the market context in larger timeframes. That's why I always have my VWAPs on my chart: the daily VWAP, the VWAP anchored to New York, and the weekly VWAP, to see the overall market context. I also mark key levels on my chart. Like the previous day's high and low, the high and low for Asia and London. This way I can see if we are approaching a resistance or support zone. I don't want to operate directly in that direction. Very good. Furthermore, is the VWAP flat? Is it trending? Those are usually warning signs. Okay. Sometimes, the best course of action is not to operate at all. If any of these give you contradictory information, then do not make a breakout trade. Error number three, and then I'll go on to give you real examples and some tricks on how I operate this strategy. Mistake number three is using the wrong aperture range. Many traders use the five-minute opening range , which in my opinion is too volatile. There are still too many liquidity sweeps, algorithms, and all that. It's not a safe or good strategy. Therefore, 15 minutes is the minimum opening range I would recommend for trading. Many people also use the 30-minute one, and I also operate the 60-minute opening range, also called initial balance. So I actually have two ranges that I operate, the 15-minute range and the 60- minute range, and I operate both of them in a very similar way. Okay, these levels become extremely important for the rest of the session. The key is consistency. Whatever timeframe you decide to set, the key is consistency. That way, you can get to know your session. You can find out about your asset. You can familiarize yourself with how the price reacts at those levels. The market rewards repetition and preparation. Okay, some final thoughts before moving on to some examples. Actually, let's look at some examples quickly first, and then I'll give you a summary. Very good . I have my indicator set up here. I am showing you the 15-minute opening range for the New York session. Good. The yellow line marks the maximum and minimum of the opening range. Let's look at some examples here . This is a good example of mistake number one, simply buying the breakup, right? Here, this candlestick precisely broke the low of the 15-minute opening range. Those retail traders I mentioned, there are actually some YouTubers out there who recommend this as a strategy and it 's terrible. I hope you're not doing it, but some people are placing a "buy stop" order. Thus, as soon as it breaks the bottom of the range, you automatically go short . The same at the top. They place a "buy stop" order at the top. As soon as it breaks the high, you'll be in a long position. In this example here, look, it barely marked a wick and then retreated to the middle of the range before continuing. So, mistake number one, right? You probably would have gotten very nervous, maybe you would have moved your stop loss a little, thinking, "Oh my God, too much risk." Why not wait for a pullback and get a better entry point, with a better risk-reward ratio, right? Further confirmation. So, let me show you a trick for this. What I do is put the VWAP on my graph. I use an Edgeold indicator. This is a payment indicator, but you can do the same thing manually. So, this dark blue line here , that's my daily VWAP. It is anchored to the opening at 6 p.m. daily. And this light blue line is the VWAP anchored in New York. It is anchored in the opening candle of the session. You can do the same with the opening of London as well. But what I do is wait for the breakout from the opening range and then wait for the retest of the New York VWAP or the midpoint of the range. Let me put my Fibonacci here just to see where the 50% of the range is. And look, they're right in the same area. The anchored VWAP and the 50% are exactly in the same range. So, when it reaches this zone, it's a much better entry, a better risk-reward ratio than if it had entered here. TRUE? I'll show you the difference. If you had entered here, that's our first scenario. If you enter right at the breakout of the range, you'll need to give yourself a wide stop loss to allow room for a possible pullback, right? So you want to put it above the midpoint of the range, because it could go up to that point. It could go up a little more. So, maybe that's where you set your stop loss. And if you're looking for something like a 2-for-1 deal, you have to scroll down here. Or if you're going to be a bit more conservative and are looking for a 1 to 1, there you have it. Let's say you're looking for one. That's your operation. If you take advantage of the initial breakout from the range against my strategy, where you wait for the retest, you will get a better entry because you are waiting for the pullback to the VWAP anchored in New York or to the midpoint of the range. So I would wait for it to bounce off the VWAP anchored in New York. I can have a slightly tighter stop-loss, right? So this is a stop-loss of about 78 points compared to the other one which was 149. And then I can target the lower part of the range, which is a super safe strategy with a very high success rate. That's a 1 to 1, or I can look for something more like a 2 to 1. Therefore, better risk-reward ratio. Right now , I'm gaining 155 points in the NQ with that trade. And it reached its target and could potentially go lower. So that's an example of mistake number one. Why not expect a setback? Yes, as I said, there is a possibility that you might miss the breakup. But if you backtest this, you'll see that the number of times you avoid the loss exceeds the number of gains, and you get a higher success rate and better risk-reward ratio by waiting for that pullback. So I hope that makes sense and I hope this gives you a good idea of ​​the trick I use in my posts. Very good. Here's another example. Right here. It breaks the 15-minute opening range. Go back and retest this anchored VWAP. You can enter here. Place your stop-loss below that recent wick and aim for a 2 to 1. There you have it. That was a victory. As for the objective, what I do, everyone is different with their objectives. You can look for a 2 to 1, a 3 to 1. You could also look to the left for a level that makes sense. Perhaps there's a London high, an Asian high, a previous day's high, or some sort of consolidation or supply zone to the left that you might want to target. Okay, this is how I do it. I set a goal that makes sense. Very good. I don't want to bore you with too many examples. I hope that makes sense. But my final thoughts on this strategy are that the range-opening strategy is not broken. Most traders simply execute it incorrectly. So, to summarize the three biggest mistakes : chasing the breakout instead of waiting for confirmation, ignoring the larger timeframe or market context, and using random opening ranges without understanding why and how the price moves and without being consistent. So I'll tell you, the market really loves to catch impatient traders. Okay, but wait for confirmation, right? Patience is their advantage. Operate with the overall context in mind. And remember, there's always another configuration tomorrow. So if it's one of those days where you just leave and never try again, well, just let it go. There's always another chance, right? Very good, guys . See you next time.