[00:00] Hey guys, September 17th, 2026 here with your nightly watch list video. There are some names that are absolutely staying on my radar. One of them I already own, AMD, the other being Intel. You have to be very, very encouraged about the base that this one has been building over the last handful of months. Unlike some other semiconductors, really never built tons of overhead supply. similar to Dell just consolidating near the highs after a huge run. That is exactly what you want to see out of any leading stock.
[00:35] Yes, not all semiconductors have been great. That group came under tons of pressure. Um Dell already out to new highs. I if the market can obviously start to pick up some steam, it won't be long in my opinion before AMD is also trying to push to new highs. Now, I don't have it on the radar for tomorrow. Why? Because it's not really buyable tomorrow. I actually went ahead and took a little piece off today. And at this point, above the rising 10 simple moving average is my stop. And ideally, in just a couple of weeks, I bought it off of the flattening 20-day. In a few weeks, I'll be using the rising 20-day to trail the rest of this position.
[01:16] In the meantime, just let it work. If you already own it and you bought it with me on Monday, but you um are just looking for a follow-up setup as another potential higher low, I think that that's probably the more immediate setup uh that would happen or ideally a breakout um you know, not maybe not even next week, the the following week um after that. So, just trying to be patient here. I already got a good spot on it. I already got some trims. We're in trail mode. if we can get a higher low. But again, I take it off my watch list video because there really is no reason uh for me to trail uh or track something immediately tomorrow when I know I cannot buy uh more.
[01:57] Google on the other hand, pretty dang fantastic. Actually, we'll start at the top. GCT, I had taken this one off of my radar. Um you know, yesterday it was coming under some distribution, but today right back up. You know, you get that beach ball underwater effect. the market has not broken out really. I think uh 5370 go ahead and take that spot out on a pick up in volume. You do have this uh 5240 spot which you kind of held and you continue to hold for the last handful of days. That's the high volume close level from the earnings gap up. But really just take out yesterday's highs 5370 and ideally a pick up in volume and off to the races. You are less than four times its ATR from the 50. Absolutely no complaints with the consolidation here.
[02:46] Google, again, if you look at the weekly, a potential double bottom on the weekly. I want to make sure that I'm paying attention to this. You look at the daily, you're like, "Boy, that doesn't look uh, you know, too amazing." And I would agree, it's a it's a little sloppy, but on the weekly, you are just pulling back into the rising 50 simple. And one of the things that I'd tell you is if pullbacks against the 50-day into the rising 50-day, you know, is definitely a spot to pay attention to. I I don't think that um you know, looking at the daily that it's too much different. Um or or should I say the weekly, you should respect the weekly even more so than the daily. And the weekly does not look too bad.
[03:25] Again, remember this name uh was on an absolute tear. It went from 140s to 400. This is Google we're talking about here. So, you make that kind of a move and then you pull back into the 200, you build a nice little double bottom, you know, you get the gap down on earnings, but instantly out to new highs. Market comes under pressure. This thing pulls back in gently into the 200 day. I I don't see tons of uh an issue with that. I personally love how it's tightening up here on the right hand side. It made a really nice move right back up and then all it's really done over the last couple of days of volatility is just go sideways. Nice little tight day today.
[04:02] I think just taking out today's highs and holding above the 50 simple moving average. 34950 definitely a spot to watch going forward. I bit I picked up a little pieces and ad today taking out yesterday's highs. 200 simple moving average as the stop. I ideally I don't have to add anymore until a potential breakout in a really good market. But I will continue to watch this name. If we can build and build another higher low, I'd love to get and if crypto is acting well, very very aggressive within the IBIT ETF and and I don't have to sit there and kind of pick, you know, the best acting crypto name. Um, I can just own IBIT and and maybe in a couple of weeks some Robin Hood as well, but we'll see kind of how that how that starts to pan out from here.
[04:47] Intel, we talked about this as a potential little neckline 10670. I did not think we would be breaking out through that level today, but obviously very very nice in an ideal world. We get another little push tomorrow and then we start to back fill, you know, two little, you know, a nice little two-day pullback on lower volume and we play it as a higher low at some point in the middle of next week. That um would kind of be the ideal scenario.
[05:14] Mags, I mean, just an absolute beautiful base. You want to talk about volatility contraction pattern that is Mark Minervini special. You talk about from highs to low 14.5% and then from high to low 9% and then from high to low 4% and then again from this little peak to trough 3%. So every single time it comes down volatility is contracting contracting contracting as you're getting really really tight here on the right hand side. um this would be ideal. And you look at, you know, your MAGS and you say to yourself, you know what? Yeah, maybe Google is going to have to move higher in order for this MAGS ETF, which looks really damn good, to move higher.
[06:01] You recognize what Meta's been doing, getting back above the 200. Finally, you realize what Microsoft's been doing, and another one that looks really constructive here on the right hand side. And then you look at what um Apple's been doing and you realize I mean this is effectively a new all-time closing high. I mean we are what less than 1% away from an all-time closing high for Apple. That's not very bearish. You're starting to get much better action out of those mags. That's that's obviously really really nice to see. Um all you're really missing is Amazon and yeah, you might have something now. Amazon not as clean to me as Google. So that's why Google's already built this nice little double bottom and back above the 200 nice and tight uh as we currently sit. But the MAGS ETF, I cannot ignore this thing if it starts to break out tomorrow. Um or or even into next week, which would be kind of the ideal scenario. I think FNGU could very well be uh the place to be. Instead of playing MAGS, you're playing the leveraged ETF with FNGU.
[07:05] MU and SanDisk held exactly where it needed to. Got incredibly tight yesterday. Nice little gap up and a push. I'll continue to watch it. You do have a fairly clean neckline here at 1040. Do I really want to wait for it to go up another 70 points for me to finally buy it? No, not really. But I just don't have a spot for it tomorrow. Um although I I could easily see this thing, you know, trying to go again tomorrow uh and attacking that kind of neckline going into next week. Um, and then SNDK, similar story, right? Potential higher lows on the daily. Held the 50 perfectly. Really, really nice job on a pick up in volume back to the 20. I mean, it's it's holding up uh incredibly well. Again, this one's got a neckline at $1,800. Do I want to wait $180 before we finally get there? Not really. I'd like to find a spot beforehand, but I'm not going to force the issue. But these names remain front and center on my radar.
[08:01] Net, Palunteer, I mean really these cyber securities in general, but software names. Net not too bad. Please give me an inside day. Really nice close today. Crowdstrike continues to show some really nice relative strength. Octa is one that I already own. Holding in there really well. Rubric um is another one. I mean just awesome awesome action. Really, really nice volume pouring into this thing after you get the little bit of an ugly close on Friday, gap up and continuation on Monday. Same day I bought Octa. Really, really nice follow-through over the last couple of days. In an ideal world, again, these things don't go right away. You get a small two-day pullback and then you take off from there. But I have to leave these things on my radar. Same goes for net. Ideally, you just kind of you give an inside day. So, I mean, just please, that would be awesome.
[08:54] And again, a lot of these names, Cyber included, the ETF, you got a gap down and once again, they got bought up. I mean, they're just incredibly incredibly strong. You get the gap down in the overnight session and excuse me, uh you get the gap down in the overnight session and all of a sudden they're just getting bought right back up. Same story with PaloAlto, right? You got the gap down in the overnight session. I mean, kind of ugly. and then you just get bought right back up and taking out yesterday's highs. I mean, incredible strength in these things. Again, maybe not the best price action here, but definitely a group to be paying attention to going forward.
[09:34] Service Now, really, really nice tight session. Potential of a higher low here against the 20 simple moving average. Take out today's high 14055 and that would be pretty good in my book. Um, Palunteer, I love the base that this has been building for the last three weeks. Again, nice tight session right at the 20 simple moving average. I think just good above the 20, bad below. But again, take out today's high, call it 178 and good to go. Snowflake, again, another software stock. You gap up on earnings, but maybe it got a little bit ahead of itself. The trend remains above the rising 50-day, above a now rising 200 day. And the trend potentially just getting started on some of these names. I don't have the best spot yet, but it's still nice and tight. I want to make sure I keep an eye on it to see if I can kind of find a bit of a spot.
[10:23] And then SPCX again, I tried it today over that 155 spot, but it just could not get going. I have to continue to watch this thing. Really 155 is the spot, but I'd love to get a little wash out into that $150 level, hold, and then turn back up and reclaim VWAP and and I'd love like a 152 entry with a 150 stop. That would be the ideal scenario. Again, you do not need to force yourself into the market here if the market is going to start to turn up. We should hopefully have um more and more names participating. We've already got some semiconductors uh really really working and some already at new all-time highs, which is great to see.
[11:03] So, um I think being optimistic here is the right idea. I think seeing NIM at 72 is great. We'll see what CAT data looks like uh tomorrow in the evening. And really I think just you know keeping an open mind that you know the market could and maybe want to go higher. So that's just kind of uh my thinking and um yeah we'll we'll see. Remain optimistic but do not force the issue. Again you have to earn the right to size up. And as I've mentioned before yes I'm sitting in a couple of good names but with a lot of paper cuts in between. And so I haven't allowed myself to size up until I start to see things better or really just the environment becomes a bit easier. That's the most important part.
[11:49] Um do not just sit there and draw yourself down into a big hole that by the time the market gets easier, you're just making money back versus making fresh money. There's a big difference there when it comes to making money. It's not having to dig yourself out of the hole um of a give back. So that's really important. But uh still a lot of nice names, a lot of nice constructive moves today. We'll see if that can continue tomorrow and into next week. I'll see you guys bright and early in the morning. Cheers.
