[00:00] Good evening traders and investors. Will back here with another one coming to you with a Sunday video and it's that time of the week again where we go over the top five options plays for the upcoming week. Hopefully you guys have had a beautiful weekend so far and that you're ready for another interesting week in the markets. So keep in mind all the options plays that we'll be talking about in today's video are going to be for selling options. More specifically for selling put options as part of the wheel strategy that we like to run on the channel. Now in terms of today's video's breakdown, well we'll be taking a look at three different things. Number one, as we always do, we'll be taking a look at the expectations for the week and just doing a little bit of weekly prep. What do we have to pay attention to in terms of any macroeconomic releases that could affect the direction of the markets? Any earnings releases as well? And also just a little bit of statistical analysis. Where are the markets right now in terms of institutional versus retail positioning? How is market breath? A whole bunch of different indicators that we like to pay attention to here, which could also give us a little bit of clues as to how this week might play out. After we are done the weekly market prep, of course, we'll get into the strategy rules. As you guys know, I always love presenting the strategy rules because if you want to have more consistency and a more
[01:02] disciplined approach when running the wheel strategy, well, you always going to need a set of rules. So, we'll go over those for about a minute or two. And once we're done that, part number three of the video, of course, what everybody's looking forward to, my top five options plays that I'll be looking to implement in my own portfolio this upcoming week. And don't forget at the end of the video, I also got a couple bonus plays for you guys. So, make sure you stick around to the end. So, it should be very a very fun and action-packed video as they always are on Sunday evenings. Let's get underway, shall we? So, in terms of the expectations for the week, where do we stand? Well, it's important to understand where we closed on Friday. The S&amp;P and the Q's having a nice little bump because there was a floated idea that Iran was proposing a 7-day ceasefire, which did help lift the markets. They started off on a bit of a rocky function here, but midway throughout the day, they really got some lift and we actually closed towards the highs. However, you will notice that right now in the futures market, we are a little bit red because we got some further developments in terms of that 7-day proposed ceasefire from Iran. And let's just say, well, they were declined. So, if we take a look here into some of the initial things before we get into those news headlines, it's
[02:04] important to remember where do we currently stand in terms of some positioning aspects, right? So, as we come into this week, we already know that the market breath in the past one month, this is your past one month worth of a heat map. You can see here it hasn't been very good, right? So obviously the biggest leaders of the last month have been mostly the Mag 7 names and a lot of semiconductors and plus a little bit of a software kicker. Cyber security most notably doing quite well. But the entire rest of the market is kind of dealing with high oil, high inflation and obviously the potential of further rate hikes by the Federal Reserve. The market at the current moment in time has priced in now four potential interest rate hikes over the next 12 months. So keep that one in mind. So we know market breath is very weak and we also know why. So what do we have to pay attention to? Can there be anything that might sway this direction of the overall markets over the upcoming week? Well, we got a few macroeconomic headlines to pay attention to throughout this week. It's going to be a fairly busy one. Last week wasn't that busy, but this week it's kind of like an everything in the kitchen sink week. So, it all starts off on Tuesday with the Jolt jobs openings. A lot of jobs reports this week. Follows up on
[03:05] Wednesday with the ADP private employment change. We also on that very same day on Wednesday get PCE. So, another indicator of inflation. So this week it's all about inflation and jobs. As we continue on Wednesday um in the morning, personal income, personal spending will give us a better indication of whether or not Wall Street wants to bid some of these consumer cyclical and consumer defensive names which have been really taking a big beating over the course of the past month worth of trade. Thursday you continue with your challenger job cuts and Friday arguably between Wednesday and Friday the two biggest days. Wednesday of course because you got the PCE and then on Friday, well you got the non-farm payrolls and the unemployment rates. Now, in my opinion, as we've talked about these news releases many times over the past, it was always a question of whether or not the Fed would embark into a hiking cycle or a cutting cycle. And we were paying attention to the jobs market and also to the inflation rates to make that determination. As of right now, the market has indeed priced in further uh interest rate hikes. So, that being said, if you do get maybe some positive jobs reports this week, it may not be a function of good news is bad news. You
[04:08] remember previously whenever the the market would post very positive jobs reports here, well, it would kind of send the markets down because then the market was saying, well, the Fed doesn't need to cut interest rates. But the opposite may be true right now as well whereby if you do get positive jobs reports, well, since the market has already priced in a majority of hikes over the next uh cycle essentially, right? Well, even if we do get positive jobs reports, it may not add to that pressure. So, the whole good news of the labor market is bad news in terms of equities may not hold true, but keep in mind these are the first job reports that we're going to get coming in to a predicted hiking cycle. So, you're never too sure what you're going to get. I'm just here to say that these are the volatility catalysts for the week. So, you need to pay attention to these because this is what the market's going to be responding to in terms of the immediate price action. Take a look a little bit further here in terms of earnings. Well, you don't have too much, but the biggest day obviously is on Wednesday with Micron. And we know that semiconductors over the past month have been extremely strong for the most part. And so too is Micron over the past one month. It's rallied about 15% as we move into these earnings. Of course, Micron
[05:12] will not only move itself in this upcoming week, but will also move a majority of the semiconductor complex. I'm expecting very good earnings from them, but as we know, earnings is always a casino. They could have beautiful numbers, but for some reason, if the street deems them to be priced in or too cyclical, then it may send some of the semiconductor names down. So, I'm just here to also say, right, play semiconductors this week with a little bit of caution. Don't figure that this is in the bag and that all semiconductors will moon after this earnings release. Just play things a little bit more cautiously because we know that every one of these earnings releases is extremely important to the market to establish the longevity of the AI infrastructure buildout. So, those are your major things that will move the market that have nothing to do with the technicals. Now, if we do take a look at the technicals right here, fear and greed index right now still sitting at about a 37. And that's a testament to the fact that stock price strength and stock price breath have been extremely weak. Stock price strength, you have 5% of companies on the New York Stock Exchange hitting 52- week lows. And this is the worst read that we've had in over a year's worth of trade. And stock price breath as measured by the Mlen volume
[06:14] summation index also in extreme fair prints well below the lows that we saw in March and April. And even as low all year, you're almost at the lows that we saw last year in liberation day, which is quite substantial, right? We can take a look at more breadth indicators right now for some statistical analysis. Percentage of stocks of other 20-day EMA only at a very low 29.44. Now, we do know that this is usually when the market can find a little bit of a bounce, but it doesn't mean it can't get short-term, a little bit worse before finding that bounce. We're still looking for that one catalyst that is going to provide us with the thrust out of these levels. And so far, we haven't had that just yet. Percentage of stocks above their 50-day EMA also at a very low print of about 30% of all stocks. And you'll notice whenever we come down here, no matter what the time period has been in the most recent five or even going beyond that 10 years, that's usually when the market is trying to establish a sort of bottoming function. And percentage of stocks of their 200 day EMAs also relatively low here at 45. Of course, they can this can get a little bit worse before it gets better. But you might be wondering, well, how is the S&amp;P at all-time highs? Whereas a lot of the market is unfortunately
[07:15] suffering. Well, it's simply because of that concentrated performance right now. the Mag 7 and their very large weights in the index coupled with beautiful performance in semiconductors and software. But you'll notice the rest of the market is just not there to play ball. So keep all of that in mind. In terms of sentiment analysis, we showed this one last week. Only 48 or only 32% of people are are bullish on the outlook of the market over the next 6 months. You still got 19% of people that are neutral and 48% of people that are bearish. Now this is slightly better than last week's print where we got 53. And this is pure sentiment. This is nothing to do with tentacles. This is just people responding to a survey as to whether they're bullish, bearish, or neutral on the outlook of the market. And this is important because it's a question of positioning, right, and confidence. So, if you take a look here, usually when we come up to about 50% of people being bearish, it has previously lined up with previous periods of time in the S&amp;P where you have been able to find a local bottoming out process. It doesn't mean it's going to mark the exact day or the exact week of the bottom. But when you compare the market breadth indicators like we've been seeing, right, the strength and the
[08:16] breadth and also your sentiment is super weak right now. We're trying to line up the various different catalysts that might tell us well there could be a bottoming out process in the market at least in terms of the breadth because the S&amp;P I mean we haven't flushed just yet. Obviously, if you lose your market generals in the names of semis and your mag 7, well, obviously that will lead to the last leg of downside. But for the most part, the rest of the market's been suffering. So, we're looking for a bottoming out process for the rest of the market, which we know has been highly sensitive to oil and obviously the direction of interest rates right now. Now, in terms of further analysis here, smart money, dumb money, confidence. This is retail versus institutions. I'll bring this one up. This is this week's. But unfortunately, as you can see, Sentiment Trader, they kind of hid the lines here behind the behind their little legend of Smart Money, Dumb Money. But just take a look at the ending point right there. Dum Money is at.35. Smart money is at 041. And I'll show you one the one from a few days ago just for the context, right? So, you'll notice here, retail, the red line, has stumbled a little bit further below institutional positioning. This was a few days ago on September 21st,
[09:19] but it's largely the same. institutions have been buying the dips ever so slowly, but retail has really come out of their bags at an extremely quick pace. So that kind of also leads into a further indicator of positioning whereby retail is somewhat offside versus institutions. You got very low consumer sentiment. Obviously, you got very weak positioning in terms of market strength and market breath. people are literally just uh trying to cover up in some of the most strong names in the market and leaving everything behind for uh you know just due to lack of performance and just due to lack of macro clarity. So keep that in mind. Another performance and slash uh positioning sentiment indicator right there. We also have seasonality. So as you guys know, we've shown this chart a few times. Usually towards the end of the month of September is when the market tends to find a local bottom in terms of midterm election years and that's where we are right now. But then the following six months are usually quite good, especially this initial period leading into the end of the year into uh mid-stage October into the midterm elections and then November and December. So you could possibly be looking at some form of positional bottoms here. Uh especially if we're
[10:21] looking at institutions right now moving very very very slowly into the markets. Retail having dumped their bags. You only need a catalyst or two, right? And you can see how well this market responds to any indication that the situation released is going to be either wound down or come into a ceasefire, right? That's what the market wants. Every time we get a headline like that, the S&amp;P, the Q's, and the broad market comes back. So, we're looking to build upon some of these news releases that we've had in recent moments, right? More uh analysis here from the midterm. So for from a fixed September 27 entry held over 200 different sessions, the median midterm path was already above other cycle years by the median election date. This just means what are you looking forward to here in terms of cumulative performance on the indexes from this September 27th and it kind of goes in hand with the previous chart whereby it tends to kind of sometimes mark some local bottoms. Now, keep in mind, not every midterm election cycle do we have a huge situation in the Middle East, which is impacting interest rates, um, inflation, and obviously oil, but still just something to keep in mind in terms
[11:24] of seasonality, you could technically be through some of the worst periods of time, and once again, we're trying to line up the factors of confluence. The more of these factors of confluence that you can line up such as well stock price strength, stock price breth being at somewhat extremes right now, sentiment being at somewhat extremes, positioning, retail being off sides some somewhat extremes and then also seasonalitywise also possibly leading into some of the better times seasonally. Well, all those things kind of add together and give us an indication of can we actually bid these markets or not. Okay, so moving on further here, this is another interesting post. So, you can see the S&amp;P 500 returns tend to improve uh post the midterm election season. And this is your average return over the uh following 6 months. 13.8%. Another indication that you might be looking a bit better moving forward here. Moving on into our actual news releases that are moving the markets right now in the after hours session. You'll notice here uh the NASDAQ is currently down about.35 in the overnight trade and the S&amp;P is down about 28. Why is that? Well, of course, it had to do with this right here. Trump reportedly rejecting Iran's 7-day ceasefire offer and won't lift the
[12:29] naval blockade. Now, this came out Friday evening after the market close as they usually always do. However, in the interim this morning on Sunday, we actually got this from Iran. So Iran insists on diplomatic solutions after Trump rejecting the peace plan, saying, "Our conditions are clear and any move toward reopening the Straight of Hormuz is contingent on these conditions being met," said Iran's foreign minister Abbas Arachi on social media. Only a negotiated solution can get them out of this deadlock. Keeping the door to diplomacy open, however, Trump told Axios in a phone interview on Sunday that he expected US negotiators to engage in more talks this week. So yes, there was a rejection of the initial proposal, but it does not mean that negotiations have completely stopped. They are still underway and Iran seems to still be opened to those negotiations as well. So it is definitely a bilateral understanding right now. Now the reason that the rejection was possibly made was due to a few combining factors. These are the Hormuz outbound oil flows and you will see here as we move through the end of the month of September, we are
[13:31] almost back to the ceasefire initial ceasefire highs that we saw during the month of July. But you're still not back to pre-war levels. Now, this is only from the straight of Hormuz. Now, we know that several oil shipments have been rerouted to the Red Sea. And that's very important because if you're only looking at Hormuz, you're missing a portion of the picture. So, if you're wondering why the peace arrangements may have been denied by President Trump, it's because the US feels that they have leverage right now. Number one, they've been able to move a ton of oils through the through the Straight Hormuz, but also Saudi Arabia has been able to move oil through the Red Sea in spite of the Houthi attack. So here's your Hormuz and Yanboo, which is the port in the Red Sea right now. And this is where you can see actually when you combine the two Hormuz and the Red Sea junctions. You'll notice here that we are almost back to pre-war levels. And this is a testament to Saudi Arabia being very resilient here. Saudi crude shipments, both the Persian Gulf and the Red Sea. As you can see, although the Hormuse ones aren't all back just yet, the Red Sea ones have kind of picked up the slack. You are not quite back to your pre-war levels, but
[14:33] you can see there has been some major improvements, guys, since just maybe a month, a month and a half ago when we were at these lows, either through Hormuz or through the combination of Hormuz and the Red Sea. You have a lot of shipments of oil that are actually making out, making it out of the Middle East at the current moment in time. So, once again, if you're wondering why this was rejected by President Trump, and you might be frustrated, well, it's because they believe that they have leverage in terms of the amount of oil that's coming out of the Middle East. Now, that hasn't really resulted in oil prices collapsing back down to $75 per barrel, obviously. However, it's always interesting to see the full story behind the scenes here because if you just look at the media or whatnot, they may pay portray a different story, but as you guys know, we like to look at a lot of statistics here to kind of see what's potentially going to happen in the future. And another point of leverage obviously is the fact that Iran's economy is definitely suffering under the current economic well physical blockade in the street of Hormuz in terms of their inability to get any oil out of the country but also economic sanctions and various other forms of activity their inflation of their economy right now currently stands at 84% and their currency obviously has collapsed and
[15:36] unfortunately for the average person in Iran right now in terms of purchasing power for food there are different food lines for depending on what you're looking to get and obviously two, there are a lot of oil shortages and gasoline shortages in the country. So, this is also what might be prompting Iran to have proposed the ceasefire last week. As you know, most recent times, at least in the last one or two months, the US has been the one that has kind of through the intermediaries tried to negotiate solutions. They've been the first person to ask for them. This time though, is a very uh well is it was an uncommon thing because it was actually Iran coming forward. So, we're trying to understand why is Iran coming forward? do they deem themselves to be in a poor position leverage-wise or what not. Obviously, we're not here to play geopolitics together, but we're just kind of trying to um trying to figure out how close we might be to things being possible uh towards a ceasefire arrangement in the near-term future, provided that both parties are able to agree on the main bullet points. And uh last but not least here, there was some news out of the President Trump and President Xi meeting that occurred last
[16:39] Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday. So, some good elements right here. The US and China agreed to recommend more favorable tariff treatments on $30 billion of non-sensitive goods in each direction following the uh President Xi's visit to Washington. US exports covered include uh covered to include agriculture, seafood, wood products, cosmetics, and medical devices. While US imports includes toys, small appliances, and other consumer goods. China also agreed to buy at least 10 million metric tons of US coal in both 2027 and 2028. These tariff changes are recommendations for now and are not yet in force. So there are some things coming out of that meeting so far. Not too bad of a look. And also another piece of news that came out just this weekend too. Beijing has signaled it may allow Alibaba, Bite Dance, and others to buy Nvidia's new RTX Pro 5500s. The bigger story is China's compute shortage. AI companies are rolling out products faster than domestic chip supply can keep up with Huawei itself recently saying it cannot meet demand. The reason I bring this up is because it could be a very interesting driver to keep semiconductors afloat this week with a bit of good news in terms of Nvidia and
[17:41] maybe even AMD being able to now sell chips into China as we know that has not been the case for a better part of the last 12 to 16 months I would say at this moment in time. So whether it's in terms of various tariff endeavors that both companies have worked on in the most recent meeting or semiconductor specifically well we might actually get a little bit of bullishness coming out of those two news results. But as of right now, as you guys know, the market is fully focused in the after hours on that uh cancellation or rather uh Trump's refusal to accept the 7-day ceasefire offer. But we will see. It's a start, right? We'll see if more progress is able to be made over the next two weeks. What we're trying to establish here, guys, is not we're not trying to predict geopolitics or, you know, play military experts here or whatnot. That's not what we're trying to do on this channel, as you guys know. We are trying to understand are you possibly coming into peaks in terms of negative positioning negative sentiment in the market and therefore we are looking forward to any catalyst any spark that actually that could actually reverse some of the flows that we've been seeing whether it's from retail whether it's from sentiment whether it's from market
[18:43] breath we're trying to find those catalyst and we're trying to establish a bit of a probability analysis here as to whether or not we're are closer to that goal or very far away and that also helps us in terms of Well, our positioning, right? How bullish, how heavy can we actually be in terms of positioning into these markets? As we've said many times, uh, over the most recent few weeks, right, our positioning on this channel at least remains cautious, very cautious and in a capital preservation mindset. We are looking, we're not necessarily looking to avoid positioning the markets, but what we are doing is we're playing things very slowly until we get that one spark in the markets. But for now, we're playing things very cautiously, preserving capital. But if an opportunity is high quality, high conviction, it comes into our technical levels and it's fundamentally what we determine to be fundamentally cheap. Well, we can lean into those positions, but not all at once. So, it's a question of we want to be playing, we want to be participating, we want to be nibbling, just not forcing anything, not getting into anything too early, and also probably sticking to the sectors that for the time being over the
[19:47] past month have been displaying the most amount of strength until we get that broad market catalyst that can lift everything from financials to healthcare to industrials to consumer staples and uh consumer cyclicals out of the mud because they're very sensitive to interest rates, right? If you get more progress on the war, guys, you know exactly what's going to happen, right? Your 10year yields, your 20-year yields are going to come down relatively quickly, I assume. I mean, we're not going to go from here to there, but you know what I mean. You will start some daily downtrends potentially. And also, it will alleviate some pressure on the barrel of oil. Both things would be very constructive to the equities landscape, but we don't have that right now. So, we can't necessarily sit here on a Sunday evening and say, "Yep, we're definitely going to get a ceasefire arrangement in the next seven days. So let's absolutely fully load up on our portfolios max margin uh playing the wheel strategy super close to the market as if nothing wrong can happen right no but what I am saying is that we are looking like there's several oversold indicators in the markets right now sentiment is arguably at peak negativity at the current moment in time retail is offside and when you line up all those things
[20:49] you can clearly say okay well we can afford to position right now in certain things that are strong but maybe just not overstay our welcome or not go too heavily into things at one given moment. So that is your market um your market outlook for the week and what we should be paying attention to in terms of a technical analysis guys. I mean as you know we talked about this last Thursday line in the sand for the S&amp;P is 750. You are currently trying to go into a daily uptrend. I'll use the futures market because it's a little bit better right? They're trying to convert this into the daily uptrend. They are also trying to continue on in the S&amp;P on the weekly uptrend conversion as well. So keep that in mind. As of right now on the technicals, no major red flags. And the same thing for the NASDAQ. Although the NASDAQ is back elevated at its all-time highs, we set the daily higher lows. Even if we to lose this over the course of this week, well, the bulls are currently looking pretty good for a weekly uptrend. And you'd be looking once again for a higher low. So, we're not yet out of the big 3 months worth of consolidation, but you have made a lot of progress here on technology and semiconductors, which are your lead bulls in this market at the current moment in time. no red flags, at least
[21:52] major red flags on the indexes in terms of, you know, losing support levels and you're all the way down here, etc., etc., etc., the markets, for what it's worth, are still not deep into red flag territory, which is why we can also say, well, we can wait for red days with the wheel strategy and position just you got to be very careful as to what you are playing right now. As you guys know, there are many many sectors of the market that are just completely out of favor right now. So rather than trying to call market bottoms on these sectors or you know calling a specific reversal point in time in the markets at the current moment what I will still do is I will play to the strengths of the market right now but I will do so very slowly and waiting for my levels. That is your total market pre uh pre-weekly prep. Hopefully you guys enjoyed that. Now that being said even though we do all this prep, we also need to be beholden to a set of strategy rules. So here are the strategy rules for the wheel strategy. at least the way I like to run it. So, if you guys don't aren't familiar with the way that I run the wheel strategy, guys, take a screenshot.
[22:54] These are all the rules. However, uh I will leave in the video description a um a video, a 10 12 minute video where I used to cover these wheel rules every single video for like 10 12 minutes. But just to save time and spend more time on the weekly prep and then more time on the actual options plays, well, I'll tell you guys, I will defer you to a link in the video description. It'll be called bull market wheel rules explained. There's going to be a little YouTube icon there with a little video of mine. You can just click on that. It will take you back to a previous video of mine where I do explain each and every one of these wheel rules and why they matter so much in any market conditions to give you guys uh more consistency, more discipline in terms of being able to basically take the same types of trades all the time and not go off the beaten path. So keep that in mind. Okay, so link will be down below in the description. But for now, let us get in to everybody's favorite section, which is going to be the top five options plays. Which top five plays am I looking for in my own personal portfolio in the upcoming week? Let's get into it. Okay, so play number one is going to be Amazon. Once again, yes, Amazon. After
[23:57] they've now consolidated for the better part of the last five, six, seven weeks at this moment in time, we are currently very close to one of my favorite support levels on this chart, which is 240 down to about 230. Now, we know that Amazon is a very solid company that had a beautiful earnings report. However, they have been consolidating now for quite some time. Not yet weekly oversold, not even close, nor daily oversold, but I really enjoy the support structure, guys. It is a massive level from years prior. And I anticipate that we might get some opportunities to play it again. If you uh if you do enjoy it such as I do, right, the valuation below 250 right now is still at a 27.8 and a 1.4 uh 1.4 peg. So, if you kind of shave another 5% off of this, it'll get incrementally better towards a 25 forward price to earnings, which is kind of like my sweet spot for Amazon overall, plus huge technical support. So, the expected move for the week over the course of this week is 243.17. If you don't know where to find the expected move, it's very, very, very simple, guys. You can just go to this website right here, barchart.com, type it into Google, bar chart expected move, and then whatever stock you're looking for. And what you want to do is go down to the lower end of the expected move
[25:00] for the given time frame. Whether you're trading on one, two, three, four week short puts. Up to you. I like to cover weekly options here on the channel. But you can uh you can choose your time horizon of preference obviously. So you want to go to the lower end of the expected move and try to be below that. It just means that we have better odds of not being assigned if we're positioned below the lower end of the expected move of the options market for the given week. So, let's have a look on the options chain for Amazon and see can we find anything below 243 or might we need to wait a little bit for one or two more red days. Maybe since the markets are red right now in the pre-market, maybe Amazon opens red tomorrow and maybe it gives us an opportunity immediately. Let's have a look though on the options chain. So, if we're taking a look at the Friday expiration, October the 2nd, well, we want to be below 243. So, Amazon doesn't have single dollar strikes, they have like $2.5 strikes. So, we'd be looking at the 2425. As you'll notice right now, it is paying half a percent. Half a percent is my baseline minimum ROI that I like to go for on a weekly basis. That's half a percent per week, 2% per month, 24% per year. That is my baseline expectation.
[26:02] It is what I deem to be a sweet spot for selling put options, at least for me. Anything higher than that, obviously you're going to get more ROI, but your chances of being assigned are higher. Anything lower than half a percent per week, in my opinion, is just a little bit too soft for the amount of uh capital that you're outlaying for the trade. So the half a percent rule is my sweet spot. If you don't know how to drive half a percent, super simple. Just divide the strike price by two in your head. So 242 divided by 2 is 121. You need to see approximately that on the bid. And as you can see right there, it is indeed there. If you want to just do the math on the calculator, super simple, right? Just divide 121 by 242, right? And you get your half a percent. So that's a quick way of going through all the options chains. No matter what the delta is, no matter what the IV is, they'll adjust for the half a percent rule, right? When the IV is higher, the half a percent rule will be further below the market. When the IV is super low, well, it'll be closer to the current market. But that is my sweet spot that I like to look for. So 2425 definitely does fit the bill. However, as I said, if we are greeted with Amazon in a little bit of a decline tomorrow morning, who knows, maybe we can
[27:03] actually get my absolute favorite strike, which would be 240. 240 gets you right into the support box. So those are the two strikes for me that I'll be looking for. I'm okay with 2425, but if they offer me 240, you best believe I will definitely be going for that one. and playing Amazon in this little box of support. That is company number one. Now, company number two is going to be a two-part semiconductor play. So, since we have micron earnings this week, I'll be looking for what I deem to be some semiconductor companies that are in decent levels and at decent prices. Number one is going to be Amcore. So, Amcor, we've covered this one a few times recently on the channel and because well, number one, the valuation. So, the valuation around 45 bucks is a 17 times forward earnings under a one peg and a 1.48 48 price of sales with very large deals from Nvidia and AMD in terms of semiconductor packaging in North America over the next two calendar years. So their fundamentals are looking quite good now in terms of expansion like the rest of the semiconductor industry. Let's not uh get it twisted here. So EPS very nice expansion to the upside over the next few years and revenue also very smooth and in expansion territory for the next few
[28:06] years as well. You couple that with a very strong support area. This is a support area of structure that we set earlier this year in January, February and it's come up again. So effectively AMC has given back the entire April, May, June rally and come right back down here before they even had the clarity of those massive deals with Nvidia and AMD. That's why I like to take advantage of Amcore down here. Now that being said, the expected move for the week is 50.78. A little bit too high. As you guys know the recent videos, I like to be in the mid to high 40s closer to the support level. So when we take a look at the options market right here and I pull it up for Amcor for the October 2nd expiration, I'm looking for half a percent. So half of the high 40s would be about 24 cents or so. And as right now, you can only find that about 48.50 49. So I need a little bit lower. So in the event that Amcor maybe has a red day on Monday and Tuesday heading into micron earnings and I can find my favorite strikes which would be a 47 to 45 pocket trying to get me as close as possible to support. I will definitely gladly take that. Now, another company that I'm exploring recently is Onsemi.
[29:09] So, you notice On Semi right now, a nice little uptrend shift trying to reclaim some of the EMAs, but that's not enough to tell us that we're going like this, right? We may still get stuck in this area, but it definitely does show that the bulls want to participate in this area, and with good reason. It's a very strong area. It's an area that was previous resistance, support in the past, a very large area of price action. You'll also notice that uh your weekly moving average, the 200 weekly EMA, is down there to about 70 bucks. And the valuation right now in around 80 is still quite constructive. I'm not looking for companies that are trading at 5,000 forward price to earnings ratios or five pegs. No, this one is still quite manageable at a 26 times forward earnings and a84 peg. Not too bad whatsoever. So this little pocket right here, the expected move on on for the week is 73.5. If I can find some lower 70 strikes or maybe like a 69 68 bottom end of this support, I would definitely be a fan of participating in this one as well. So, those are just two ideas in this semiconductor market. Obviously, there's many more, but these are two that I'd like to focus on personally in the upcoming week. Now, company number three is going to be
[30:11] Netflix. So, Netflix, we know that this one has been in a downtrend for a very long time at the moment. It's out of favor sentiment- wise, but one thing that is for sure is the valuation is quite inexpensive now, at least in relation to the company's previous history. It trades at a 19.5 forward earnings, a under one PEG ratio, and a still very attractive free cash flow yield. That being said, we're coming into a big area of support which are the highs of 2021 and some price action 2024 as well. This is where the market previously found a bottom just about a couple months ago down here in the whole 70 to 62 area of support. So, this is the area that I do want to be playing on Netflix right now. If you get another red day or two, you'll also be very close to daily oversold conditions. So, this is the area that I want to play. I want to play it because I believe the company to be fundamentally cheap down here which gives me a good margin of safety on the valuation but also the big support area and possible oversold conditions keep me interested in this name. So the expected move for the week on Netflix is 69.3. If you take a look here 69.3 if you want to be below that let's take a look at if we can where we
[31:14] can find half a percent right as of right now if you're looking for the high 60s you need to find about 35 cents 35 34 cents on the bid. Unfortunately, even at $69, you're not finding that right now. So, essentially, what you need to have here to really get uh better than the expected move, you need Netflix to kind of follow through here. One or two more red days should do it. And me personally, my favorite strikes 67 down to 65, about the midpoint in the support level. And if they do come down there, it likely will be daily oversold. I know that I'm getting a good price fundamentally. I'm deep into the support box with those oversold conditions. So, I do like Netflix, but I know that not everybody likes Netflix. So, as part of the number three tier on this list, I figured I should give another one a a bit of a company that's had some stronger price action recently, which has been Shopify. Now, the only thing the only disclaimer about Shopify is that this company is not necessarily cheap right now. At about 140 bucks, you're still trading at 75 times forward earnings and a 2.42 peg. The only reason I would play this one is because I like the structural area of support and the sentiment is also quite favorable after
[32:16] the most recent Muse deal with Meta, obviously, right now. Support area is very strong. It's held this area well. I mean, either as resistance or now more recently as support. Your moving averages are there on the daily. Your moving averages are there on the weekly as well. So, I would play this as a pure technical trade, a location-based trade, meaning I would like to find some short puts, possibly in the 130 to 125 area, but I would do this in a staggered function. Since we know that this one trades a little bit expensive, I would save some buying power. Meaning, if my maximum contract size on on Shopify in any given week is two contracts, I would seek to play one in this pocket, but I would leave some buying power back cuz we know this market can't really be trusted at this moment in time. So, I would leave one back in the event that the market does just simply flushes through this area altogether and gives me an area that I would much more be interested in playing, which is about 115 and about 105. So, it would be one contract for me in this pocket 13125 and then saving some buying power. Okay. All the way down here into the lower 100s where the valuation gets a little bit more manageable in my humble opinion.
[33:19] But I do enjoy SoFi uh Shopify. I'm not hesitating to play it. It's just that this one I would play in a staggered approach just because here is not the absolute best valuation. It's a good technical level. But if I actually want to feel like I'm getting a good deal on the business, that would be a little bit lower. The reason I'm playing it here and not waiting for here, well, let's be honest, you don't know if it's going to come down there. So, I do still want to play it, but I will I will uh play it in a halfsize position as opposed to full size all at one price. So, keep that in mind. Those are companies number three. Figured I should include some extra ones for you guys in the top five. Company number four, Service Now. Service Now, still one of my more favorite enterprise resource SAS companies in the market right now for a couple different reasons. Number one, at 130, valuation is still manageable. 32 times earnings and a 1.6 peg. Of course, it's off of these lows, but still, even at these prices, it is not too bad in my opinion. That being said, who's in control of the charts right now? Clearly, you're bulls, whether it's on a weekly or even a monthly time frame, whereby you're just looking for a little bit of monthly trend recapture slowly but surely. So, as we kind of move further into this
[34:22] support box, I want to be taking advantage of this current market conditions. So, your moving averages all the way there on the weekly are very nice. The daily moving averages are there, too. And in the event software has a bit of a rollover because we've been noticing here. I mean software outperformed about a month ago and then this is the IGV right then things kind of moved a little bit flat. So you remember there was this huge momentum and since then it's kind of been a little bit flat because they're losing out to semiconductors right now. So I'll put IGV over SMH just so you guys can understand. This was what we were talking about, right? Software had its run better than semiconductors while semi consolidated. Now look the past few weeks what's happened. software started to roll over and I wouldn't be surprised if this is not done yet. Okay, just taking consolidation consoling consolidating a little bit of these gains. In other words, I do want to play service now, but I want to play them in the mid to low 120s. The expected move for the week is 129.23. And if you take a look at the options chain right here, you will notice that can we find those prices down here in the mid120s? We actually can. So half of the 120 mid120s range is about what 60 65 cents let's
[35:24] say for the half percent rule. And that's exactly what you're finding right now at 126. Even the 125s are not bad. If I just extend this chain a little bit more, even the 125s are not that bad. Little bit light, but in the event that service now once again comes down a little bit Monday and Tuesday and I can find maybe something like a 123, I'd be a big fan of playing this retest area on the weekly uh on the weekly charts, right? So, that is an area that I'd be looking to pick up maybe some service now playing the wheel strategy on it. That's company number four. And company number five, Uber. Once again, Uber couple different reasons. Number one has to be the fundamentals of the stock right now. So in around the lower 70 levels, as you guys know, it's very uh inexpensive in relation to its former valuations. 22 times forward multiple a.9 peg that's at 75. So obviously now here at 69 about 10% lower than that. Well, it's trading around 20 times earnings and like a 75 peg which is or a8 peg which is extremely uh decent in my opinion. And we also have a huge area of previous support. They've bulls have held this area for a better part of the last six months since February. But you
[36:26] can see it's also a very critical area from 2024 and 2025 as well. So the valuation and the chart keeps me playing this stock right now. You can also find it not quite oversold but very low on the RSI. So I really do enjoy this big pocket here. 70 bucks down about $64. Obviously we want to be looking for as deep as possible into the region. Now the expected move for the week is 67.62. So let's go shopping for some options in that region right down there. Once again, 67 and a half, let's just say. So, if we're looking for some Uber strikes, if we want to get those 67s, you're going to need to see a bit better premium than this. As you can see, right now, it's only paying 25 cents. That's a little bit short. Okay, we need about 34 35 to justify this entry. So, essentially, what we need to see Uber on Monday or Tuesday, if they can give us a little bit of red, maybe we can find the 67s, but who knows? Maybe it drops 3% on Monday, maybe that gives us access to the 66 strikes. But for me personally, I like anything under 67 for this week. We've played Uber many times uh together on the channel here over the course of the past six months and as long as it's in these levels. Again, I will continue
[37:29] to uh play this stock as well. So, that is why it makes the list for stock number five. So, there you have it. Those were the top five options plays, which was actually kind of like more top seven options plays because I included a couple bonus ones as we went through the list, but those are the main ones that I'll be focusing on uh in this upcoming week of trade. in light of current market conditions. And hopefully that kind of helps explain the process a little bit. Now, that being said, we do have a couple bonus plays for you guys. So, as we always do at the end of these videos, I'll give a few bonus plays, but for the people who are working with a bit small of a smaller account because I know that not everybody has, you know, maybe $24,000 of buying power to play one contract of Amazon, but some people also probably don't have, you know, uh $12,000 to play one contract of Service Now. And to be quite frank with you, maybe some people don't even have 4,500 bucks to play one contract of Amcore down here. It's just a little bit too heavy for their portfolios, but some people might still like the premise of playing the wheel strategy. So that's why the five bonus plays that I have for you guys are going to be on smaller stocks in terms of share prices. So I'll
[38:33] be telling you guys why I like these stocks and where I would be looking to play them myself if I well, as a matter of fact, in our Discord, we play some of these smaller names all the time. I don't just uh reserve myself to the very large companies but you know there are several companies out there with smaller share prices which I deem to be in quite attractive areas right now of interest in terms of technicals and fundamentals as well. So when we go through this list I'll show you guys why I like these stocks and also where I would like to play them too. So let's get into that right now. Okay so bonus play number one we're going to be talking about this one toast. So I did play this one last week and the trade went fairly well. we were to close this one with some decent profits and in the event that Toast comes back down into the 28 to 26 area of structure, I would gladly play it again. So, reason number one obviously is the massive structure on the chart. This was a very big level previously, this whole 28 to 25. They reacted nicely from it during the whole SAS apocalypse and at the current moment in time, we're just bouncing out of oversold conditions. But we get a double dip here because we know the bears are in short control of this time frame. Okay, if you get a double dip, you may come down
[39:35] again into daily reversal conditions, which could prompt another interesting trade idea into that whole support box. At the same time, Toast's fundamentals fairly decent right now. They've been expanding their topline gross margins, their operating, and their net margins as well. In the process, they continue to increase revenue over time, and their valuation right now, as you can see, has compressed a lot over the course of the past 3 years. You're now trading at a 20 times Ford price to earnings multiple, which is not that bad. All reasons why I deem toast to be a fairly decent proposition in that whole 26 28 to roughly 26 support bracket structure. Company number two is going to be Lyft. Lyft, this is just a proxy based off of Uber. So in the event that we can't play Uber, perhaps we can possibly play Lyft. Now this company also is uh in a current level that is quite uh interesting right now to play the wheel. So this whole lower like $13 range, the support really starts at about 13 bucks. So it's a little bit too high right now. Now, but in the event we get a little bit further consolidation here, could be interesting to play the lower amount of the support. And I mean, they've been stuck here for a majority of the last what, 3, four years at this time. But their fundamentals haven't really been stuck
[40:36] at all. This company trades at 5.63 billion, which is somewhat um attractive to me right now just due to the fact that well, number one, they trade under one times Ford sales. Their Ford sales pipeline for this year 7.4 and for next year 8.31. So, you're trading significantly under one price to sales. At the same time, the company is profitable and expanding EPS. if they do realize their dollars worth of EPS next year into 2027, that puts them at about 14 times 15 times next year's earnings. So, not only fundamentally do you have a decent margin of safety because it's not as if it's trading at like 5,000 times price to earnings, right? No, it's trading relatively attractively, but also a huge support box. So, in the event that Lyft uh and Uber come down this week, pay attention. Maybe we can find some interesting propositions here in the $13 range. Company number three, New Bank. So obviously we know that financials have been suffering a lot recently because of the rapid increase in interest rates. The financials ETF as a matter of fact just hit oversold conditions into a large support area. Now of course new is not in the S&amp;P 500. So it's not technically in this XLF ETF but still it is part of that whole
[41:39] financials trade that gets that did get sent down altogether as a group. Currently right now we are uh at about the 14 to 13 area of support which is a very decent support area structure to be playing. At the same time around this $14 range the valuation has compressed meaningfully. The revenue EPS growth is quite strong. Mean meanwhile the stock does trade about 16 times Ford earnings which is not too bad at all in my humble opinion with a very good return on equity curve here at about 32%. So New Bank does make the cut for me at least. I'm not playing all fintexs nor all banks but it definitely does make the cut. If you want something a bit more traditional but lower implied volatility, Bank of America is one that I played last week at around the 56 strikes. We'll see. I mean, it's in oversold conditions in a very nice support area as well. It is a bit more expensive, but I figured like it just came to mind when I was talking about new, right? So in the event that you enjoy lower beta things with lower implied volatility and you deem this to be an attractive level as well, well 565 area on Bank of America, especially while in daily oversold conditions, which it very rarely hits, usually when it does hit those and you can com you
[42:42] can combine those with a nice support area, right? Usually it tends to be uh an attractive trade location. So Bank of America is one that I played last week myself. That being said, company number four on the bonus list would be CIFR. So this is another Neo cloud player as part of the whole semiconductor/infrastructure trade. Now also you know shout out to IN you know in the whole 40 down to 30 range. Shout out to Cororee as well in the whole you know sub80 range like especially mid70s but not many people have the amount of capital required to play those names. So uh we obviously present CFR as another candidate. They have some very interesting attractive deals with both Amazon and Google. That being said, a huge area of support structure below us 15 then about 13. This is the area of interest for me for CIFR. And in the event that the market presents us an opportunity as we bounce out of uh resistance and maybe if we come a little bit lower here, they're probably going to free up these strikes and this one does have a little bit better implied volatility than the average stock out there, which just means you can get a lot of distance on those short puts in terms of how far they are away from the current market
[43:45] prices. So, just keep that one on watch if you enjoy this one. And last but not least, I figured I should include this one. So last week we talked about NVDL on the two times leverage play because it was down here and we're very close and we're looking for, you know, maybe if they were able to break down a little bit further, we might be able to play NVDL down here. But Nvidia right now a little bit too high. But there is one semiconductor stock out there that I would allow myself to play on a two times leveraged ETF. As you guys know, I very rarely ever present these because I don't want people to go too heavy on them or take, you know, uh, bad trades on them whatsoever. I only play two times average ETFs when I deem there to be good fundamental value on a company and on a company that is compressed a lot over the course of the past few months. You might remember, you know, when Microsoft was all the way down here in the 400 to 360 range, we were playing a little bit of MSFU. When Meta was all the way down here in the whole 600 550 range, we were allowing ourselves to play MEU as well since it had compressed on valuation and on the tacticals into a big support area. And even on Nvidia,
[44:48] right, when Nvidia was trading down here in the whole uh one sub $200 range, we were taking advantage of that and playing these like mid20s on NVDL. So, I really need to find good value on these names. I will not play them at any location because if you get trapped at the wrong level and it unwinds guys, you know, you know these move very quickly, right? And if you don't have any money to DCA them, it's not going to be a very fun time. So, there is one name out there that I will allow myself to play two times uh two times over ETFs on, not that heavy, but just something that I would include in my normal trade rotation, and that is Broadcom. Okay, so Broadcom, we talked about this, but we talk about it frequently on the uh you know, weekly videos. But that being said, right now at about 370 or less, about 5% less, trades under 20 times earnings, about a.5 peg, a 10 price of sales metrics for this year, 7.4 for next year, and with huge revenue and EPS growth, and with fantastic margins. However, this one is compressed a lot. We are coming down into a meaningful support area, which is 340 down about 320. These are the areas from last year. Last year's support, it is meaningfully
[45:53] compressed. No, we are not close to daily oversold conditions, but I do want to play this area that we're coming into as a pocket and also on the monthly time frame. If you notice what the bulls are trying to do here, it is lit literally just looking for a monthly higher low. They've done this a few times, right? Looking for a monthly higher low for consolidation. So, this is a pocket that I do not mind playing as part of my weekly rotations. So, there are a couple different Broadcom two times over ETFs. However, none of them have weekly options. They only have monthly options. all of them. Don't worry, I checked for you. Okay, they only have monthly options. And if I'm looking to play Broadcom here into this pocket, which is 340 to 320, that would mean I need to get Broadcom approximately 4 to about 8% lower. So on AVG, that would mean 8, right? Uh 4 to 8% that would mean 8 to 16% lower. So initial would be around this $20 range, 20.5, and to the extent down here about 18.5. So you can see on this I mean this chart doesn't have as much history as the rest but it is in these lower prices right 20 down about
[46:55] 18 bucks. However, as I said this one does not have weekly options. Okay. So it only has October 16th as a DT. As you can see right here that's about 3 weeks away. So if you're looking here the 20s or the 19s you'll be looking for if you're looking for 3 weeks half a percent per week you're looking for 1.5% for a 3-week time period. So, if you're looking for um if you're looking for 1.5%, it's very simple. You can either do 0.015 times uh your strike price that you want, like let's say 20 bucks, something like that. You'll be looking for about 3 cents at the $20 or 30 cents at the $20 strike. It's there right now, but if you can get it at the 19s, as I said, the 20 to 18 pocket. So, the 19s would be very interesting to me to play for that October 16th expiration. As Broadcom right now, as we know, it's been very soft. I don't mind playing things that are soft, but I won't play them with very large size. I'll take a little bit of a feeler trade here, okay? And if it kind of moves down lower and I have initial strikes at 19 on AVG, I'll save some buying power because if it
[47:56] drops, then I'll need to DCA. I'll need to do a couple more contracts at 18, okay? And kind of lean into the trade instead of just opening up the chart tomorrow and saying, "Okay, I'm going max buying power at 19 and that's my final location." Right? because we know that even though it has a nice support level there, it could in the very worst market conditions visit the lower 300 strikes and you need on these two times over ETFs, guys, they move so fast, you need the money to DCA right down there. If not, you get stuck at a higher level and it's not a very fun time, especially when a name doesn't have weekly options with weekly covered calls. So, keep in mind if you get a sign on October 16th, it means that you'll only be able to sell covered calls for November the 20th, which is not bad. Some people enjoy the longer term um duration trades like that, but just another idea. But once again, as I always say on a disclaimer, guys, I do not recommend playing two times over ETFs. It's something I'm doing in my own portfolio. So feel free to skip this one. And if you are playing, please be very conservative. Do not play them with far too much size, more than you can afford, okay? Because like I said, if you get
[48:58] assigned, you need to have the money to DCA. That's the quickest way that you can bring down the cost basis, obviously, uh, since we can't have access to weekly covered calls, options, and things like that. So, that being said, that is everything for today's video. Hopefully, you guys enjoyed it. If you did, consider dropping a like. I would appreciate it for the growth of the channel. Consider subscribing if you're new. We do these videos every Sunday in preparation for the upcoming week. And if you have any questions on the strategy whatsoever, or if you guys are playing certain uh stocks with the wheel strategy that I haven't named on the channel in recent memory, feel free to leave them down below. I'd love to hear what you guys are playing and I'm sure your peers in the comments section would love to hear from you guys as well. So that is everything for me today guys. Have a great rest of your Sunday evening and wishing you a very good week in the markets as well. I'll see you guys tomorrow after the close for the Monday market recap. Have a good one. Peace.