[00:00] Welcome to the ultimate day trading strategies crash course part two. If you're new to the channel, my name is Shay, aka humble trader. Previously, I made this 1-hour long technical analysis crash course on this channel. I'm really happy to receive so many positive feedback from you guys watching. So, in today's crash course, I'm going to be teaching you a frequently used trading strategy, which I call the gap up or gap down trading strategy. Stocks that gap up or down overnight has the best potential to give you the range and volume, essentially creating a runway for the stocks to go a lot higher. In trading, you always want to look for stocks that can potentially give you a larger range profit from than the risk you take. So, having a gap up trading strategy in your trading arsenal is a must. And spoilers, in this crash course, I'm teaching you as many as five trading strategies that you can potentially use to trade gap ups or gap
[01:03] downs. You guys know the drill. Take a look down in the video description first. I've prepared the important chapters for you. From understanding the psychology behind the setup to practical learning on how to execute the strategy with my live trading examples. So, make sure you smash the like button and save this video. Learn at your own pace and share this crash course with someone who might need it. And yes, in this case, I'll be sharing this lesson with my ex-husband, Mike Bagholder. Our first chapter is on understanding what a gap up or gap down mean and the trading psychology behind gap trading. Now, let's dive into it. So, what exactly is a gap up or gap down strategy? A quick 101 for my new traders. A gap up or gap down refers to a situation when the price of a stock opens higher or lower than the previous day's closing price, resulting in a gap in the price chart. These kind of overnight gap may
[02:07] occur due to significant market news such as earnings report or economic data. Let's look at an example here on the stock Google on my TradingView chart. You can see the previous closing price for the stock was around 112 over here, and overnight it gapped up all the way to 113 and opened all the way up here at 115. So, this is like a $3 per share overnight gap up. The next example over here is a gap down overnight on my favorite stock of all time, Moderna. Anyways, there's negative news on the stock. You can see that's why the stock, you know, previous close was 157 over here, gap down overnight and pre-market, you know, it dropped all the way down to 146. So, this is what we call a gap down. And this is like a $10 per share huge breakdown day on Moderna stock over here. And this will be a great short opportunity that we're going to go over
[03:10] later on in the strategy video. At this point, you must be wondering, Shay, why is this gap up strategy so effective on large cap stocks? Well, the reason you want to focus on large cap stocks when trading the strategy is because those kind of stocks have two key traits. Number one is the high trading volume from large cap stocks. And number two is the volatility and range. Large cap stocks are generally considered to be more stable and more predictable than the small cap stocks. And they have a higher trading volume compared to a small cap or low float micro cap stocks. And when these large cap stocks gap up or gap down, that brings in even more volume and volatility than normal. Because they are more likely to be effective by significant news such as quarterly earnings reports or guidance. Chapter two, gap down long strategy criteria and live examples. Okay, I hope I made the concept of gappers simple
[04:12] enough for you to understand. In our next chapter, we'll get started on the first strategy that you can use, the gap up long strategy. We'll go over the key criteria of the setup, how to execute, and my live examples. This is a very simple technical strategy that's designed to take advantage and profit off of stocks that open a higher than the previous day's close, basically an overnight gap up. And you can find them very simply using a pre-market scanner. So, there are two key criteria to this gap up long strategy. The first criterion is a short-term technical analysis on the daily chart, which we're going to go over right now. So, we're looking at the stock Shopify over here, SHOP. Now, let's go over to just the daily chart over here and enlarge it on our TradingView chart. You can see on this particular day, the stock gapped up overnight from previous close of like, what, $48 and gapped overnight to open at $54.
[05:15] That's a huge gap up. Now, you're not looking for just any gap up. You want to see a gap up over the key daily resistance. So, in this case, if you zoom out on the chart, you can see that there's some key resistance above the previous close, $58, around $50 here, $50, and over here, $51, and the most extreme one, the peak over here, the little wicks on the daily chart, that's $54. So, that's going to be the most important level that you're going to look at the next day during the pre-market planning session. And if you zoom out and delete the other line for a little bit, you can see we haven't tested that $54 ever since here, which is April of 2022. That's more than a year ago. So, now we have the key level on the daily chart. Looking at a pre-market, you can see this stock was already consolidating above that level pre-market, $54. Now, a lot of times you're going to have stocks that gap up to key resistance like this,
[06:17] and at the open it just pops and fades and break down. So, while yes, it's important to identify the key level, it doesn't mean you just buy it pre-market. Most of the time, despite seeing the stock breaking above key level during the pre-market session, I still prefer to wait for the open to execute my buys or sells. And we're going to go over the exact buy and sell entry point for the strategy in just a little bit, but let's go over our second criterion for the strategy. So, the second criterion is based on fundamental analysis. Essentially, you want to know if there is indeed a positive catalyst that's causing the stock to gap up so much overnight. And if we go over to my favorite stock news research tool, which is Benzinga Pro, you can type in Shopify over here like I did here, just select the ticker. Click on the calendar tab. You can see on 2023 May 4th, which is the day of the gap up, they had earnings
[07:20] before the market open. And let's scroll over to see the results of this earnings. You can see that the estimated was really bad for the stock. They were expected to lose money, but in actuality, they actually beat. They made money instead. This is the EPS. So, you can see a surprise factor over here, over 125% and same thing for the revenue as well. They had a nice beat also. So, that's the reason the stock is gapping up due to positive catalyst, which is earnings beat and most likely also beat on guidance as well. All right. So, now that you know the most important two criteria to look out for, let's take a look at how you should execute on the strategy. So, remember the key level is $54 on the daily chart over here. Daily levels that also matches with the pre-market support area. You can see the stock spiked to 56 pre-market, pulled back to $54 area, and actually reclaimed VWAP at the open and break through the new higher day. So,
[08:22] there's two simple ways to execute the long side on the strategy. You can either long when the stock pulls down to key level $54 and give it 50 cents risk, which this one happened really quick, so nobody could have caught that. Maybe somebody did, but I didn't catch that. Or, again, the second entry would be if the stock is able to break through the pre-market highs area around $56 that we just talked about. And essentially, you're using these two entry points as your guide to buy the dips along that key levels. So, either $54 or over pre-market highs, all the little dips around the $56 are potential entries. And once the stock holds the key level, breaks through pre-market highs, $56, you can see it had a really, really strong breakout to almost $60. And that's why it's important to plan out your profit target as well and seeing the potential upside on the strategy. So, this is where we want to zoom out on
[09:24] the daily chart like so and look at the range of the stock and the potential upside. So, we talked about earlier, over $54, that's a very important key level, right? So, over this area, where can the stock go to? If you zoom out, this thing really doesn't have any strong resistance until over here, closer to $58 here, and $60 range, 60, 61s. And why is that? Because this is also a 52-week highs breakout, right? So, you have multiple things. You have the daily breakout, you have weekly breakout through the key levels, and this a new 52-week highs. And on top of all of those technical breakouts, you have earnings beat and guidance beat. If you've been following along in my YouTube videos, you know that earnings reports are some of my favorite catalyst because they essentially tell you short-term whether the company is more bullish or bearish. And you, when you're trading a stock with technical analysis, fundamental analysis, all the criteria we just talked about, you're essentially
[10:28] riding a trend to the upside, following the big money. Anyways, that's the reason I like this strategy so much on large-cap stocks is because when it's a multi-day, multi-week, even 52-week high breakout, you get a lot of upside. You can see this thing also ran for 1 2 3 days. So, you can play the same setup for multiple days after. So, anyways, all of these areas, $58, $60, are your price targets when you are trading this long on the first day. And even more so on the second day and the third day. You can see it went from like the second day went from $57 to 60s and closing in at 62. Next day at $64. But of course, we cannot just talk about entries and price target. We also have to talk about risk management and how to get out and manage your risk and keep it very small in case the strategy doesn't work. Have you ever woken up broke or rich?
[11:31] This is what an overnight gap up or gap down would do to you. The results really depends on whether you use risk management. And guess what? I'm going to choose rich every single time. So, make sure to follow along to learn how to place a stop on this strategy. This strategy is actually very, very simple. If you think about it, if a stock is really breaking through 52-week highs, it should keep going and form a strong trend. So, essentially, you want to stop out when the trend is no longer in your favor. And one of the best way to do so is with VWAP on the 5-minute chart. So, you can see the stock is staying above 5 minutes and if we're long above the $56, longing over to 58, 59, almost $60, there's no reason to get out until the stock is breaking down VWAP. So, that's going to be your risk. It's very simple. That's the only indicator I use, once again. I use it for entries as well as for stopping out.
[12:33] Next, I'm going to show you a live trading example on this gap-up long strategy. You can see we're looking at the stock PA PANW. They also had the exact same catalyst as Shopify. They beat on earnings, guidance, and the stock gapped up overnight. Uh if you look at the daily chart, you'll see the same thing. You can see on the chart, I've identified a key level of 179, 180s area. Stock is gapping up over to 185s. You can see I got long over the pre-market highs area of 183s. So, everything we talked about. I got in have a 1,000 shares at 18490s. If we fast forward a little bit, you can see the stock is already around 187s mark. Now, I think I made a deadly mistake here of not selling into the breakout. If you can see on the daily chart, there's some resistance around that 187s area over here, that little wick over here. Um I did not see that. So, zooming in, you can see the stock is pulling back. I'm still in my 1,000 shares at 18490s.
[13:37] And you can see the stock is already kind of pulling back. Fast forward, it's testing 187s once again. I really should have sold at least like 50% of it. But uh I didn't. I'm up, you know, a little bit more than two grand. That's decent for like this is what, like the first 5 minutes of the day. But I didn't sell. That's also the the issue here. I think, you know, when planning out your daily resistance like we did earlier on Shopify, you want to make sure you're selling into each resistance. So, in this case, if I have a 1,000 shares, what I should have done is sell at least 300 shares to scale out on my position. Fast forward a little bit more, you can see we're pulling back. I still haven't gotten out. Really should have gotten out some. On the 2-minute chart here, you can see I am finally starting to manage my position. So, I went from being up $2,000 to now being up only $300. You can see I just added some around VWAP because 1,000 shares now my full
[14:40] position, but still nonetheless, I should have sold some. In hindsight, this is a pretty good add. Remember we talked about using VWAP as your entry as and as your risk. Well, now back at 187. I really should have sold some up here after that add, but no, I didn't. Really, really big range on these kind of large-cap stocks, but that's why I love trading them. Wow, I can't believe I held it on for that long, 187s with my average of 185, 1,500 shares. Really should have at least sold like 300 shares, but I didn't. Good practice on holding on to a winner, but at the same time, it's a fine balance between holding on to a winner and scaling out into your price targets. You can see, zooming in, we're having some trouble around that 188s area, the daily resistance we talked about. Okay, now I'm full size into the stock at 18550s. And that added a little bit on the dips as you saw earlier on the dips over here. Um I added just a couple more. Now
[15:45] my average is all the way up to 18554. And when I'm full size, I want the stock to work almost, you know, right away. I'm up five grand on realized on the stock. So, as long as you know this strategy works, I'm going to tell you this became like a very, very small winner later because I didn't sell into the resistance levels I talked about. But, you know, I'm happy about my entries and my patience, but I'm a little bit too patient in this case. Okay. So, a lot has passed. You can see now I sold all my original position all the way here at 187 and like below VWAP on the stopping out uh around like 185s break even. So, I went from being up over unrealized $5,000 to now realizing only $300. So, you know, my mistake here is I didn't sell into those resistance areas, which you definitely should be doing. And I reentered, but now this is like a little bounce thing that I'm going to
[16:49] do. But again, I realized the day green, but not as green as I should have been if had I sold into the breakouts. Technical analysis is a practical skill that you only sharpen by practicing over and over again. If you're just starting out, I recommend you to find a trading tool that gives you free access to customizable charts and drawing tools. With Moomoo, you can practice technical analysis with the advanced charting tools that are verified by the US Patent and Trademark Office for their customizable and easy-to-use interface. You can make use of over 37 drawing tools and 63 technical indicators. Such as my favorite VWAP indicator for my intraday charts, the volume moving average, and the Fibonacci retracement tool that I use to identify potential gap up reversal levels. Another really valuable feature that you can get on Moomoo is a free real-time market data. This is the only zero-commission trading app that gives
[17:52] you real-time level two quotes, short volumes, and earnings news for free. More exciting news for my fellow Canadians. Moomoo is now available in Canada, and they offer exclusive sign-up rewards for all Humble Trader viewers if you use my link in the description. If you're in the US, you can get up to 16 free stocks as well using my link. Thanks to Moomoo for sponsoring this video. Chapter three, gap-down short strategy, criteria, and live examples. So far, so good. In our next chapter, we're going to be looking at the exact opposite of the previous setup, which I call the gap-down short strategy. And remember, if you're enjoying this kind of crash course so far, please comment gap trading down below and also give me a gentle tap on the like button. I'd really appreciate it. It really doesn't matter whether stocks are gapping up or down, left or right, as long as there's a volume and range, there's still strategies that allow you
[18:55] to profit on each side. Now, the next short-selling strategy is available to traders whose brokers can let them short a lot of these easy-to-borrow stocks, so that should be almost everyone besides the users on Thinkorswim. Just like a previous strategy, there's a few key criteria to note for you to trade this gap-down short strategy. Okay, now on the screen over here, you're looking at the stock PayPal. You can see this thing gapped down huge overnight after, once again, earnings report. You can see on this particular day over here with a huge gap down overnight, Friday's close was like $76, and this thing gapped down after hours after really, really bad earnings report, and the next day, pre-market, this thing's trading at like $70. So, pre-market, it already dropped $6 per share on a $76 stock. And you can see at the open this thing just continued tanking even lower all the way down to like $68 and $66.
[20:01] So, the first key criterion is once again technical analysis. So, which is opposite to what you saw with Shopify the gap up long strategy on this gap down short, you want to see it break down some key supports on the daily chart. So, in this case, you know, if we go on the daily chart over here, you can see the 52-week lows is around the $66 area, right? So, this is almost the exact opposite of Shopify. Shopify broke through 52-week highs, this one broke down 52-week lows. Um but also you can see like some small little support here in which you know, this thing broke tons of different support areas. And over here some small ones, $69, over here $67. Um you know, this thing was just really weak. You can see pre-market this thing broke down at 71's daily support that we drew. Pre-market already broke down and at the open it didn't even spike, it just like dumped through the $69 and then later on the $68.
[21:06] And that's when it's like started trying to bounce, but no, no bueno. It went even lower to $66. So, that's why you have both of these criteria met. Really, really bearish fundamental analysis with earnings reports and guidance as well as um breakdown on the technicals on the daily chart. And this short strategy execution is very simple. Remember, this is basically the exact opposite of the previous strategy. You want to short using VWAP as your risk on every little small bounces to test these key areas. So, you know, I don't think anyone would have caught this and dropped really quick. SSR also triggered, so it's impossible to chase the short. And then you want to enter on these little bounces towards VWAP and towards our key daily levels, which is $68 um with a downside move to 67, 66. And honestly, once it broke down that $66, the 52-week lows, there's really no bottom in sight for the stock, right?
[22:10] Because if you want to see more support, you have to go all the way to prior to 2020 for PayPal stock. But essentially, if you've got a short entry on these little pops using VWAP as your risk and these little pops breaking down key support, you're looking to join the trend to the downside until the stock have found a meaningful consolidation, which it really didn't do until like one, two, three day on the third day. Okay, now we're going to dive into a live trading example on this gap down short strategy, which is opposite of the long that we just saw earlier with PANW. In this example, we're going to use my favorite stock ever, Moderna stock. I've had some love-hate relationship with this stock, mostly hate. Um but this is also the stock where I lost the most amount of money uh on a single trade in one day. It's not fun. Anyways, so you can see Moderna stock
[23:12] also gap down from Friday's um close due to this really negative catalyst. And you can see over here on the daily chart, I know it's really small, on the left-hand side here, the stock broke down that 147's daily support. And you know, when while I didn't catch it at 155, I caught the little bounce at 147's. And I only have 500 shares at the time. Looking for a simple, easy trade like a scalp to the downside. You can see the stock, you know, I got in 500 shares on 147's on that little bounce to 14750's. Um again, um my risk will be VWAP reclaimed at this point, which is if you see VWAP over here 148. So, my risk is essentially 50 cents to 60 cents depending on the slippage. And now you can see it's already dropping down 144, so I'm in the money $3 per share. Remember, you want the fundamentals, the catalyst to align that's bearish as well as the daily chart to be breaking down. So, fast forward, we're on the chart on
[24:15] the top. We're holding that 145's. I think it has downside to a lot lower to like 140's. Why do I know that? Because I tried to long Moderna stock before and it just wouldn't bounce. So, I learned from my mistakes. You can see it's really weak. That little bounce you saw earlier to 145 didn't do anything. You can see it's back at the low of day 144. Okay, so fast forward on the chart on Moderna here, I was getting really bored um on the stock. I was trying to focus on a couple other stocks I'm watching on the you can see down below. So, I'm trying to cover just a little bit around 200 shares on Moderna around 14480's. So, just in case you know, where I'm paying attention to something else, I've already taken some profit just in case. So, you can see trying to cover some 144. If you look at the daily chart, there's no real support here. Yeah, that small resistance here at 144's, but I really thought it was going to fade lower. Fast forward, you can see I only have 300 shares left at the same uh
[25:23] and trying to see if it's going to fade even lower. And I just found that I closed on a Moderna trade around this time at 145 over here. I'm closing it out over here, I think, because I think I ran out of patience. I I I just got filled down here. You can see I realized my Moderna trade on the short side $800. Chapter 4, variations of gap trading strategies. You have just learned two trading strategies that you can use to plan your trades when you spot a stock that gapped up or gapped down for a long or a short. I would highly recommend beginner traders to practice the first two setups on your paper trading account and familiarize yourself with a gap trading executions. And for some of you who are looking for more advanced strategies, I have a couple more variations for you to trade these overnight gappers. These strategies are called the gap up short selling strategy, the gap down scalping strategy, and pre-market gap up short
[26:26] strategy. Strategy, strategy, strategies. It's It's a lot of strategies, I know. For short-term traders like you and I, we always want to be very versatile and adaptable to the current market conditions. In the last few years, we've experienced a crazy bull market rally in 2020 and 21. And we also got hit with a bearish economy due to inflation and global conflicts in 22 and 23. And that's why you need to be able to profit from opportunities on the long side and the short side with these overnight gappers. The fundamental concept and trading psychology behind the next three strategy variations are very similar as the previous gap trading strategies you just learned. However, they're different in terms of the execution and entry timing. For each of these more advanced strategies, I'll show you the trade planning process, risk management, live technical analysis, and price action. Make sure to
[27:30] ask me any questions you may have down below and I'll do my best to answer you. Now, let's dive into our third gap trading strategy, the gap up short selling setup. Chapter 5, gap up short selling strategy. So, the first trade I want to share with you guys is CVNA, Carvana, gap up short selling strategy. This is a pretty simple trading setup for day traders and scalpers who are looking to trade just the opening hours. And as you will see later in the live trading recording that I have, I made a little over $1,100 on this ticker on the short side within about 20-30 minutes after the open. So, let's take a look on this particular day on Carvana over here. This day we're talking about. As you can see the stock gapped up huge overnight from Friday's close to about $8 all the way to pre-market highs of 1070's and hit like a little peak, lower highs 1020's pre-market, and since then at the open just sold off. So, we're looking for
[28:33] that little gap up to short into in this particular stock. And as you probably know already, Carvana is also considered one of the many meme stocks that ran in 2021 and 2022. And the thing with meme stock is that every time, as you can see on the daily chart, these usually these stocks, whether it's AMC, BBBY, it's been long-term down trending. I mean, CVNA used to be a $300 stock. And since then it's drifted off and sold off all the way to like $4. Um and then you can see, you know, has a lot of failed spikes in the past before. And every time it gaps up, especially to a key daily resistance, which it did on this particular day we're looking at. It gapped up to like 1040, you know, resistance, sold off. And over here, this rough area 980's, that's also the daily resistance. So, whenever we have these meme stocks with like a long-term bag holder chart I just saw gapping up to key daily resistance, then a lot of times I'm more short biased on the stock. And it'll work really well
[29:36] for a simple scalping strategy on the short side. So, you can see this is pre-market level 980's over here, this little pre-market support. That's what I'm going to look for when the stock breaks down and that's my trigger for entry. And if this is the entry on the short side, uh then I'm risking about here, pre-market highs area, 1030s. So, we're talking about 40-50 cents of risk. And for the downside, you can see on the downside have all these lines. But downside, obviously, at the time we don't know where the stock is going to go. But if we're looking at a daily chart, the downside I want to look for the next level support down um on the daily chart. So, you have a small support around 930s over here, 930, 950s right here. And then you have a little bit more support down here around 860s range. So, those will be your price targets. So, if that's the entry, downside you have here, 40 cents. So, that'll be one to one risk reward. But if you're looking for even more, then you have downside to like 860s or like, you know, there's probably a small level around 880s mark. So, here are the three key criteria for
[30:40] this scalping short strategy. Number one, it needs to have a past price action on the daily chart of a long-term downtrending chart. Number two, you need to see a pre-market gap up. And number three, this needs to be a stock that's gapping up on air, basically gapping up on nothing. So, you can see it's 9:31 a.m. right here. So, market just opened about 1 minute in. Um this Carvana trade, you can see I'm already in 1,000 shares. So, it happened super fast after the open. You can see the breakdown of this level right here that we talked about pre-market, which is the 980s area. It's already broken down. So, that's why I really hurried up and got in 1,000 shares on the short side. Thankfully, Carvana is an easy-to-borrow stock. So, it didn't cost me anything to locate those stock short. And as you can see, immediately after the open it got halted to the downside. So, I'm stuck short with 1,000 shares, which is a starter for me. The idea is to keep on adding to it after they confirm the
[31:42] breakdown of um 980s pre-market support. These volatility halts happen whenever a stock increases or decreases by 10% within a 5-minute time period. Okay, I fast-forwarded a little bit. It's on halt. Really quick, you can see unhalted. You can see it halted down, right? It halted at about 980. It opened at 950. So, you have about 30 cents air gap. So, this is usually what happens after the unhalt. You can see on the top over here, GME, even though I'm not trading it, that's also uh a lot of meme stocks were gapping up in sympathy. You can see this thing is also halting to the downside as well, but I wasn't trading GME, GameStop. So, you can see Carvana, usually after the unhalt, whenever you have a gap down, you're going to get a pop to retest that VWAP area, and that's kind of what I'm looking for, a bounce to short into. And a critical mistake that a lot of new traders make is that they don't look for the little bounce to short, and they'll hit the bid at the very bottom at like
[32:46] 940 or 950 down there. So, for me, I want to start adding slowly into a little bounces. You can see I added a little bit uh 1,000 shares at around 960s. So, that gave me an average of 970 right now. I'm 2,000 shares. You can see a little test of VWAP right now. I'm down about 3 cents. Uh no problem. So, I'm looking at whether we're going to reclaim that VWAP, in which in this case the the risk is going to move down. So, I'm not I'm no longer risking the 10 uh what do we say? 1030 like we talked about earlier. Since I started adding into it, I'm moving my risk down. I'm moving it to around VWAP area. So, that would be around 980s. So, at this point I'm risking about 10 cents, 10-50 cents um with slippage in mind. So, you can see you had a little pop to test that VWAP area. That's what the yellow line that you see on screen right now. You can see the stock is staying pretty heavy. That little pop barely um even tried to reclaim that VWAP area. So, really really weak. You have some
[33:50] decent volume on uh Carvana. You're trading 7.4 million. So, still holding my 2,000 shares short. So, at any given point, I'm usually trading at least two stocks at same time. But you on the top over here, you can see 2-minute chart on Carvana. You tested at 980s area, right? I was saying that if it reclaimed that VWAP, I'm going to have to stop out. But looks like you're failing that VWAP at least right now. We're back down to 970s. That's my average. I'm still holding. I think the idea is that I want to add at least a couple more times. You can see I'm adding on the confirmation of weakness. Added about only 200 shares. I was trying to add 500 shares, but not sure why I canceled it. So, I only got filled 200 shares at this uh what? 970s. And you can see cuz I'm adding on I'm adding on the confirmation of a breakdown. I'm not adding on strength. So, that's the difference here. I'm adding once a stock rejects that
[34:54] uh that 980s level we talked about and rejecting VWAP. And as you can see on the top window here, Carvana staying weak. We're back down to 950s. So, I'm up about 20 cents per share. Um but I think at the minimum I was looking for $9. Remember, at this point I'm risking 15 cents, 15 cents, around that. Um for downside, if we hold it down all the way down to $9, then I can potentially make about 70 cents. So, that's good risk reward. You can see we're testing the lower day, which is 940s. Um there's a really really small support here from pre-market 940s. So, I'm expecting some small bounce, maybe like a dead cat bounce. So, I think I'm going to start covering at least like a very very small piece into that. And that will give me about, you know, 30 cents per share if I cover that cover it there. So, you can see I'm just covering small small 200 shares. No, I didn't cover it. I don't know why I said that.
[35:56] So, fast-forward a little bit. You can see, oh, I actually did not cover. Actually added even more, 940s. Yeah, cuz the stock was so weak. You can see even on that trying to add, I was trying to get filled 500 shares, couldn't get filled. I only got filled about 100 shares. So, I'm adding to the downside on the breakdown of that um 940s area. Because the stock was extremely weak as shown on the tape. So, you can see the stock can barely even bounce. I'm trying to not to like chase the weakness, to short into the weakness, but waiting for So, I'm trying to wait for a bounce, but sometimes you just got to accept the stock is so weak that it won't bounce. So, that's why I only have about 2,300 shares short now with an average about 968. So, back to Carvana. You can see now we are dripping lower. The stock is all the way down to 920s. Really really weak, right? This This barely any bounce. And I finally covered some. I covered about 500 shares, I
[37:00] believe. Yeah, 500 shares. So, I'm down I'm down to 1,800 shares on the short side from 2,300. So, I covered some, locking about $200. Um but I want to see how, you know, how much longer I can hold on to the remainder of 1,800 shares short. And keep in mind, if you look at the bottom right-hand corner, the little clock over here, market clock, it's only 9:44. So, it's only 15 minutes after market's opened. But all of this planning, once again, is done pre-market. You can see here the stock is extremely weak. You can barely get any uptick. The bids are just getting hammered down. There's no one buying the stock. And this is very typical of the meme stocks and any stocks that have a the a long-term bag holder chart that you saw earlier. So, this is the reason that having a bag holder chart is one of the most important key criteria for this scalping short strategy. Whether you're actually scalping for the quick move or
[38:02] trying to hold on to like, you know, at least 20-30 minutes like I did, um doesn't matter. It's important to look at the daily chart. So, we're back down to 915. I think you're going to see me trying to cover up the rest um of the position, even though I should have held on to a lot longer. You can see I'm trying to cover some at 916 over here. The lows of the day at the time was 9 I think it printed 909 earlier. I covered all of it. Oh, wow, I covered all of it. So, I covered all of it at 916, locking in $1,100. So, coming back to the TradingView charts now, we're now looking at 2 minute. I believe that was um the time frame I was using to execute. You can see I entered here 980s, which you saw earlier, and I covered pretty much everything around 915 here. And you can see the stock ended up going a little bit lower. Okay, not all the way to 860. That made me feel a little better. But to 890, 880, so I left about somebody do
[39:06] the math, 30 cents on the table, which is okay. But we're trying to catch capture the meat of the move from the open, failing that key daily uh key daily and pre-market support, going short, risking the pre-market highs, 30 cents, looking for a downside move all the way to 915 or 890s. Chapter six, gap down long strategy. This time around, I'm going to demonstrate another live trading example on Tesla, your favorite stock. So, in contrast to a Carvana trade on the short side, we're not looking at a large cap stock that's gapping down during pre-market. So, as you can see over here on this day, the day before Tesla had a really strong day. We're talking about a move from 197 all the way to 207. So, that's a really strong close. Over here, the white area is the regular trading hours and the yellow part on TradingView, this is the extended hours trading. So, you can see the next day this thing actually
[40:09] gap all the way down from 207s down to 202s and then pre-market went to a low of $200. We're talking about a seven-point gap down overnight. So, we're about to dive into the key criteria for the scalping strategy once again. I hope you guys have been taking notes and learning from the essence of these live trades. Before we move on to talk about the criteria and the details of the strategy, if you haven't done so already, please remember to drop a like at the bottom of the video. And remember to subscribe if you want to see more videos like these in the future. Thank you very much. Now, let's move on to the next strategy. So, here are the four key criteria on the long scalping strategy on Tesla stock. So, number one, it needs to be a large cap stock. It this strategy does not work for a small caps or micro floats or any of those like runners. Like it just doesn't work. It works best for large cap stocks like Tesla, Nvidia, Apple, AMD. Number two, the stock needs
[41:12] to have really strong breakout the previous day. So, that's why I pointed out the daily chart for Tesla stock earlier. As you can see on daily chart, right? This day, this is the previous day. You had a huge breakout, right? So, that's why the second day the gap down, it gives you a good opportunity to bounce the stock. We're not looking for a big move. Once again, we're looking for a simple uh bounce strategy that you can trade for 15 30 minutes and be done and go to work or do or whatever else you want. The third criteria is that you need a pre-market gap down, which is pretty obvious. Once again, you had a gap down move from 207 prior day's close to $200 pre-market. So, that's what we call a gap down. And last but not least, the stock needs to be gapping down on really, really high volume. On this particular day, um I don't have my scanner up, but Tesla, whenever it gaps up or gaps down, it trades really high volume. Over a million shares pre-market. So, that's what you want to see. If the stock was
[42:15] gapping down on like 20,000 shares, mhm, not good enough. Remember, you're not here to be Warren Buffett and invest in the stock, okay? We're talking about trading here. All we're looking for is to profit from a short-term price action. Hit it and leave it. Quote me in the comment section if you agree. Now, let's plan for our entries on the long side, the profit target as well as the risk now. So, on Tesla stock, you always want to start from the daily chart because it's a stock that has a big range. So, that's why I have $200 here. You can see on the daily chart, that's a key level right here. The stock previously tested once, twice over here and three times that held up as support on this area in February. So, that's why $200 is going to be key. But remember, the stock is not You should not just use one entry single entry point. It needs to be a zone, right? So, that's why you look at the previous breakout day, the day before. If you look at it, before it
[43:18] hit $200, it consolidated right here. Broke out to highs, 199s, you know, consolidated, dipped a little bit to that 199 10s area and then that's when it like dipped, trapped and then broke out to new highs. So, that's the reason this is going to be an important level that also lines up on the daily chart. This zone here, which is going to call going to call it 199. This zone on the daily chart is going to be the key level you're looking for entries um bouncing the stock on this overnight gap down. So, this is my entry area, 199 200, right? I know it's a big range, but again, Tesla, big range stock. You need to have give it at least a dollar room. So, if you're planning to long 200, you need to be able to risk risk 199 and below, right? And if you're long 199s, then you probably can have your risk be a little bit tighter, a 50 cents. 198 30s uh sorry, 70s or 198 50s. Now, for the upside, I will say I was a little
[44:19] bit more aggressive. You're going to see in the live trading recording later that um I had originally in for 204s on the bounce. So, I was looking for four points bounce on the upside. That's very possible with a stock like Tesla. However, um you can see you have a another small level here around 203s. 203s, 202s, 204s, those are the price targets that I'm aiming aiming for. Remember, we're talking about a quick scalp. So, the best you're going to get is one to two risk reward. And if it really does go to, you know, 204s, then that's probably if you do the math, that's one to three, one to four risk reward. On this particular day, on the gap down to $200, I got in a starter at I think I bought 200 shares starter at this is like what, 199 80s and then I added after we claimed the $200 because we talked about this. $200, that's going to be a key level. And this is only a minute after the market open. So, happened really, really quick, right?
[45:21] Remember, if you're trading this for a scalp for a dollar, two dollars, you going to be in and out. Hit it and leave it. So, that's why things happen really fast. If you don't have a fast broker platform like this one, which is DasTrader Pro, you you might not be able to execute this. Okay? So, at the open, you can see I got in $200, sorry, 200 um entry to 200. This is like what, 230s maybe? So, I had in 1,000 shares averaging at $200.30. You can see the stock is already bouncing. We bounced about one point now. Testing VWAP. Now, if I was more aggressive, you can see down here, 230, that's my average. Now, if I was more aggressive, I actually add over this bounce, which but I don't think I was aggressive as I should be cuz I want to be patient looking for the big move towards that 204s area, which is your pre-market highs on the day. You can see we tested at VWAP, rejected
[46:25] a little bit, similar to Carvana earlier. But I'm still holding. Do not panic. I had a decent average about $200.30. At this point, I will be risking just below $200. So, that'll be 40 cents risk. So, I can potentially lose $400 on this trade. Let's see. We're testing that 201s. You can see I'm getting ready to add, trying to add into Tesla. I want to add slowly, 300 shares, 300 shares, um because after all, it's a really volatile stock. But we actually remain strong. You can see we're testing over 201s once again and testing that VWAP. And usually, same same idea as on the short side, um on a short, I want to short once the stock is below VWAP. If the stock is over VWAP, I want to add into it on long side. You can see I wasn't sure certain, so I sold a little bit too fast. I sold 300 shares at 201s-ish. So, I locked in about a little bit over $200, not a lot. But I want to see if
[47:27] what the stock stays strong, then I'll add back into it. Or to sell into the pop towards that 202 204s area. I definitely was playing a little bit safe on this particular day though. Because I think I believe at the time market was kind of choppy. So, I wasn't quite sure if I should stick with it or, you know, just get out. You can see I went red for a little bit and when it went back down to my average, but nothing to become too concerned about right now. Um I'm trading on the five-minute chart for a stock like Tesla. This is very different than Carvana cuz Tesla is a big cap, big range. You can see that popped way too quick. Over 201 88. So, I'm up about oh, decent. So, I'm trying to sell just a little bit to lock it in, 201 80s. But once again, I am aiming for that 204s. If we don't get it, that's fine, but I want to make sure I'm locking in profit along the way. And that's a little bit over a dollar
[48:29] move. So, risking 30 cents to make a dollar, that's decent risk reward. I know it didn't go according to plan where I sold everything at 204s, but you just got to be cautious. Remember, hit it and leave it. There are a couple things I'm concerned about looking at the market and I'm switching on the two-minute time frame just to look at the price action a little bit closer to determine whether this is just a just a little pullback or are we actually in like a huge downtrend retest and that we're failing that. And I believe I'm going to get out of the position really quick. 202s now. I think I just exited everything at 202. The remaining 500 shares, I'm locking in about $1,400. And you can see back on the TradingView charts, that was a good call to sell everything around 202s. You can see I sold I I entered here $200, right? Even after the add, my average about 230 points and I sold everything around 202. I didn't get the top of 202 70s, but you know, I I got out around this area as
[49:33] you saw earlier, even though my ultimate price target was 204s. but that ends up being a good sell because after that this thing just rejected and then stayed below VWAP on the 5-minute chart over here and really just sold off all the way down to 192. So, I'm really glad I didn't hold on for that, you know, $2 and that's why I keep on repeating hit it and leave it. Do not outstay your welcome. If you're looking to do these kind of scalping strategy, whether it's on the long side like Tesla or shorts like Carvana. Chapter 7, pre-markets gap up short strategy. Congrats on making it to the final chapter of this gap trading crash course. I'm sharing a bonus trading strategy for those of you who are looking for more setups in your bag. I call it the pre-market gap up short strategy. I get a lot of questions from you guys asking if I trade pre-market. I'm going to let answer that in just a little bit, but let me know. I'm kind of curious to see how many people watching
[50:36] this are trying to trade pre-market or want to learn pre-market trading strategies. Do you trade during pre-market hours? The answer to this question is yes, sometimes, very, very selective times. I will enter a trade if I see a pre-market mover, but it must fulfill my setup criteria and that goes to the next strategy we're going to talk about. I must give you a disclaimer. The next strategy is what I considered really risky, but at the same time you can make a lot of money. So, in this particular trade I made almost $10,000. So, the stock we're looking at is FCNCA. I know, long ticker, First Citizens Bank. Now, they're known for the bank who bought up Silicon Valley Bank's debt and that's the reason the stock gapped up from like $600 and below $600 prior to its close all the way to $900. So, we're talking about a $300 gap up overnight and that's the reason, once
[51:40] again, I got to just got to disclaim this. This is a very risky strategy and if you're watching this, make sure you have risk management intact. So, this particular strategy is pretty similar to what you saw for Carvana earlier. So, if you paid attention earlier, you remember the key criteria. First of all, you want to see a downtrending daily chart. In this case, you can see a downtrending daily chart. I mean, this thing was part of the banking crisis that started with Silicon Valley Bank. You can see the stock sold off from 800 all the way down to $500. And you can see a huge pre-market gap up as usual. Now, most importantly, you want to note that ideally to trade this particular setup like we talked about for Carvana, you don't want any meaningful news for the stock. However, on this particular day, yes, you have the huge gap up. Yes, you have a downtrending daily chart, but guess what? You have extremely positive news and, you know, huge news headline.
[52:42] They're going to buy Silicon Valley Bank's debt and that's what I mean by it's a very risky strategy because whenever you're shorting these stocks that have news, you need to know when that's it. Like you you cannot hold on to the fade all the way down to $700. No, I'd be dreaming. You got to be able to just, you know, get out at the consolidation before this reversal, okay? So, you I'm going to show you how I did that later on. So, here's the recording. You can see pre-market I already had a short scalp from 9:15 down to this like what? Uh 880 and I only had 100 shares. Like I mean, do the math. I only had 100 shares. So, this is the kind of range you get. We're talking about like a $20 range. So, you don't want to have like oversized for these things. You know, there's a couple important lessons here. Besides what we just talked about, that the stock has catalyst, so you want to be able to just get in and get out and like do not outstay your welcome. The second thing is that if you were trading pre-market, which I was, you know, my
[53:45] now the market's open, but I was from the shorts 9:15 down to the 880, we're talking about like a 30-point drop actually. The volume is going to be very, very low on the stock. So, you don't want to oversize. Like using 1,000 shares at one time won't work unless you're building it slowly. 200 shares here, 200, 300. You have to slowly build it up. This is market's already open and it's only trading 800 8 sorry, 280,000 shares. So, that's what I mean by this extremely risky, okay? Just because because you're watching this doesn't mean this is the right trade for you, okay? I'm telling you this just so you don't burn yourself. You know, you if you do decide to trade the strategy, size down and make sure you maybe start with like, you know, paper trading first. So, that was the pre-market trade. A very simple higher day shorts 9:15 risking 9:40s. We're talking about a 20 $30 risk risk per share and then downside to covering
[54:49] to the open. I just didn't want to hold it into the open, so that's why I just covered everything here at 880s. And now, once the market's open, I'm stalking for my next short um entries here. But if all you do is trade pre-market, this strategy will work quite well. Maybe on some different stocks that have more volume and less spread and doesn't have, you know, such a positive news. So, at the open you can see this thing just sold off from um opening of like 870 went all the way down to 850. So, that's another 20 points from where I covered. Volume is staying low, but you can see I'm trying to get filled 500 shares short at 848. So, I got some like only 200 shares. Got to be careful. Once again, volume is really low. We're only trading 280,000 shares. Um but whenever I get partial fills, I I I you know, depend. Oh, I got fulfilled at 848. Otherwise, I would cancel it, okay? But you can see this thing the
[55:52] spread we're talking about $3 spread. So, that's another reason you want to size down, okay? But for me, 500 shares on this, it's manageable. So, I'm I'm realized red 3,000, but like if you look at the spread and my average is 848. I'm in between the spread. The bid is 846 and the ask is 850. So, that's why, you know, these like higher spread stocks, you you got to be able to have the heart for it, okay? But for me, this was okay. And I don't really have any plans on adding into any more. I think 500 shares on this stock with such a big range, we're talking about 20, 30 dollars. That's that's all I that's all I wanted, okay? So, I'm looking for the first line, which is that 830s area, I believe. That's going to be my first price target because that's the daily level here on the daily chart. So, that's what I'm looking for. You can see the stock is trying to hold up at 830s area. So, I'm watching this to see if we we,
[56:57] you know, keep on getting a lot of bids around this area. I think I'm going to cover everything for either a small win or a loss a small loss. So, fast forward a little bit here. You can see the stock is still consolidating around that VWAP area. On a stock like this, I definitely use a 5-minute chart. And once again, I'm looking for that breakdown to 830s. That's all I'm looking for. I'm up uh about $6 per share, but once again, it's deceiving because of the spread. I'm looking for a drop and I'll try and cover it and get out. But in the I I believe I end up breaking some rules here and like outstayed for way too long. But I really wish I covered some into this 835s. That's going to be the lower day and it's testing that pre-market support area. We really wish I covered into this, but you're going to see I made some mistake here. Like even right now it's printing 834. 834, 831. That's the bids and, you know, I'm up a decent amount, but I still
[58:01] didn't cover. I really wish I had because you're going to see I get get trapped later on. So, I really should have just covered everything. I I really wish I did, but I didn't. If I just covered everything into 832s, that'll already be like a 10 grand day and I'll be done. But no, I I definitely outstayed. You can see I'm trying to cover 200 shares at 830, but I'm not going to get it because it's holding that 830 support really, really well. And the spreads on this is just nasty. So, that's the reason I said and and mentioned earlier, this is a risky trade because of the volume and the spreads and the fact that it has positive news. Nope, you can see right away we pop back up. This this is what happens when you're trading low volume stocks. Even on I don't even have that many share sizes. 500 shares. That's enough of a fluctuation between what you saw earlier at 5 grand and now negative $500. You can see on this little pullback here
[59:07] I finally covered some. So, I covered 200 shares at um 841, I think, or 840. I'm glad I covered some. I was like nervous, not going to lie. So, at this given point, you know, the worst that can happen is break even. If we skip up through VWAP and I'll get stopped out and I'll probably give back everything, but at least I wouldn't lose a lot of money. So, this is what we call like adjusting your risk as the trade goes on. And of course, according to price action as well. So fast forward here, almost 10:00. You know, the volume really dropped a lot. So you can see that's why you know, I'm trying to cover now. So the stock was already low volume to begin with, but whenever you see on 2-minute or 5-minute charts, this thing the volume, you can see down here drops below 10k. That's when you definitely want to consider just getting out. So that's what I'm trying to do. Trying to get out in small pieces. 100 shares here, 100 shares shares there. I want to
[60:09] get out before the huge squeeze. Not saying all the low volume traded stocks will squeeze. I'm not saying that. But then it becomes a 50/50 event at this point. And I don't want to sit through low volume consolidation. If the consolidation was higher volume, I would be okay sitting through that because you can read into the price action a lot better. When there's no volume and the price just kind of titters around the support area, that looks like it's going to break down but it just won't and there's always like an underlying bid around 830s, 831s. You you want to be cautious, especially if you're short. So that's why you know, I I want to get out. So you can see I finally got out at 8 32 area. I covered another 100 shares. Now I have the remaining 200 shares. Even like rewatching this recording is like making me nervous. I'm like just get out, please. Just get out. Yeah, cuz the bid's dropping a little
[61:11] bit more. 826 I see I think. 826.50, wow. Risky Once again, risky trade. You know, don't do it if you're a beginner. Just paper trade this, okay? On small size. See if you can actually sit through the consolidation on small sizes. Even just 10 shares, this will be like a difference of like a couple hundred dollars on each skip, right? Oh, I got filled another 100 shares. So locked in $8,000 at 827. Now I just have the remaining 100 shares. I want to see where it goes, I guess. Oh, no. I'm trying to get out. Yeah, I think it was a good idea to just try to get out. 827 was the lowest point that I got on this. You can see it's starting to like bounce a little bit back to like 830s, back to that previous um support area. You can see on the 5-minute charts, on the 5-minute That's why I keep on
[62:14] switching between 2-minute and 5-minute. On the 5-minute, you know, volume is starting to come in. That's the bigger picture, right? And then you know, you're back at 835. So now I want to get out. They're filling a lot of shares down there at 835, 834. Earlier the print um 827, the volume was so low. So at this point I think I just want to get out. On the 5-minute chart, it looks like it's consolidating. Okay, I got out everything at 836, I believe. So locked in $9,400. So this is really a one-to-one risk reward. So it's not the best trade. So that's why it is also risky. But you can see if you are a cautious like I was talking to the through the consolidation stage why covered everything instead of waiting for another drop to 800, then you know, if you're able to hit it and leave it like we just kept keep on saying throughout this video, you can still make some decent profit. Um yeah, I closed all the trades by
[63:17] 10:00. So I got out here 10:00. So this is a 30-minute trade to make what we talked about nine $9,400. So here are the key takeaways from this strategy and this lesson. A very very risky trade once again, premarket short and also an overnight gap up scalping on the short side on this strategy. Number one, you must be very cautious if you are shorting premarket on a very low volume stock such as this one. You must size down, you know, look for the spread, see if you can even handle that. If not, size down 1/10 of your regular share sizes. Number two, be cautious if there is actually positive news for the stock. I mean, we're talking about a $300 overnight gap up. There was news. So if you're shorting this, be cautious. If you're long, right? Then that's probably a good time to look for reversal on this. Not saying to low long the huge gapper, but you want to wait for the reversal midday. And last but not least, once again as we
[64:21] keep on repeating throughout the video, hit it and leave it, okay? Don't outstay your welcome. You need to watch when the price action changes, especially during the low volume consolidation time you saw, and just cover everything up. You know, you're not going to make, you know, the most money you could, but you know, you need to be able to get out and protect your profit or break even stop on the name. Congratulations on completing our second technical analysis crash course. I hope you have learned at least one or two trading setups that you can start using tomorrow. You can save this video if you find the strategies helpful and remember to share it with your trading partners. If you want to see more trading crash course videos for free, then check out this playlist over here, especially the one on price action trading. Thank you guys for watching as always. I'm The Humble Trader and I'll see you guys next time.