I mean, one of the most important, you know, one of the most important things in life. I don't care where you live, I don't care what you do, because, you know, the way markets work, the way capitalism works, the way free markets work, is he or she who can make the quickest decision, understanding the probabilistic outcome of most decisions, is the most advantaged or the most successful long-term. Life is about making quick decisions. Life is about making decisions. Those who never make decisions never learn how never learn how important the speed is, never learn how to process things quickly, and they kind of spend, you know, much of their life stuck in the same rut. &gt;&gt; But how do you compare that with an idea of thinking through things and then acting? So, doesn't it go against that idea? &gt;&gt; Um, you know, that's an interesting that's an interesting um, I What drives me probably more crazy than anything else is when somebody says, "I need to think about it." It is the um, when when when somebody whether it's one of my kids, whether it's somebody in business, whatever it is, when ever somebody says to me, "I need some time to think about this." I just want to walk out of the room and say, "You know what? We can't do business together." Because taking time to think about something just drives me out of my mind. You already know what you're going to do. Everybody already knows what they're going to do. Nobody ever says Nobody that's ever a a successful decision-maker says, "Let me think about it." &gt;&gt; Got it. Got it. Makes sense. Is that how you came up with the names for all the firms that you started, be it thinkorswim or tasty or lost dog? Is that how, you know, intuitively you you you come up with these names? &gt;&gt; I have a lot of fun coming up with fun names to build very serious pieces of technology. Um thinkorswim was a groundbreaking piece of technology, but it was a silly name that I made up when I was walking, you know, in my house one night. tastytrade was a name I made up when we owned thinkorswim. It's a name I made up that I had to negotiate when I left um thinkorswim to keep because because I had bought it with the company credit card at the time and I and I wanted it. Um lost dog is a name that I've been sitting on for years because I've I it's got a little personal meaning to me, but it whatever. And so, I don't actually care. Like the name of companies doesn't mean much to me. It just needs to be something that's fun that I feel I can market. I feel that you know, I've always felt that that we are we do a really good job at organically marketing our products, our technology. And I think having a fun name has a lot to do with that. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. You sure do, Tom. &gt;&gt; If you like this video, please take a look in the description at what I'm building now. You can join along for free, get access to my new portfolio, career optimization tools, financial forecasting, and our new prediction engine. Stay tuned for even more.
